Chapter 5: Warnings
===================

When they reached the hospital, Shubman wrenched the car door open even before the car came to a stop and jumped out. He raced ahead of Sonu, who had a hard time keeping the cricketer in his line of sight, as Shubman was determined to find his Ishan. When he reached the room, he barged in, uncaring how it looked the security or the cricket management or the throng of doctors outside.

And stopped short.

Virat bhai and Rohit bhai were sitting on identical chairs in what Shubman presumed was the living room of the hospital suite.

They both looked haggard and bone-tired, and Shubman could relate, as he felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. When they looked up to see who had entered the room, their expressions quickly changed from tired to alarmed to pity.

Shubman was on guard, instantly.

"Virat bhai, what...."

Shubman moved forward to open the door to the bed-room, but one look from Virat bhai, and his steps came to a halt.

"Stop. Sit."

Shubman was used to dealing with a lot of Virat bhai's expressions - anger, irritation, exasperation - this determined look was new.

He wanted to open his mouth and argue. Ishan was just on the opposite side of the door; he wanted to see him, feel his heartbeat underneath his fingers, and see that he was okay with his own two eyes.

But something in Virat's eyes stopped him. His eyes looked haunted, a look that was reflected in Rohit bhai's eyes.

Rohit bhai, who said, "Virat, should we..."

But Virat bhai shut him up with the same look, which made Shubman promptly sit on the nearest chair.

"His condition has not changed. Only a few people are allowed inside. His parents will be here by this evening."

"Alright, but Virat bhai..."

"Did I say you could talk?"

"Virat, let the poor child breathe."

"Rohit, shush. You (this, pointing at Shubman) listen to me very carefully. That boy there has been through hell, and it has just begun. Are you listening?"

Shubman could only nod, the collective warning in both Virat and Rohit's eyes putting him on edge. What had happened?

"I don't know what exactly transpired between you two, and I will not ask. You have a decision to make here. If you step foot inside that room, you are going to be a part of his life, not whatever you have been these past few months. It is not an easy decision to be taken. If you want no part in it, you can go back with none the wiser. We will take care of everything. We will take care of Ishan, because you are my family, but so is he. But if you stay, you stay. You do not leave him behind.

I don't know what exactly happened, but you at least deserve to know the entire story before you make your decision.

The doctor told us that the paramedic on the scene saw Ishan hauling another man out, without a care about his own life. He saved the man's life, but kept refusing the ventilation mask and tried to go back into the burning plane to save more. The most chilling thing, the paramedic said, was the anguish in Ishan's eyes, as if he was blaming the paramedic for saving him.

When we reached the hospital, Ishan was already unconscious because of multiple burns and lacerations, but he did open his eyes once, and both me and Rohit saw the utter lack of life in his eyes, and it damn nearly broke us. Our Ishan, who could not go a second without laughing, lay there, broken.

I recognized the agonized look in his eyes, because I had been seeing it these past few months.

He came to me, a few months ago, with the same lifeless look in his eyes, and asked me to train him, day in and day out, to become so focused that he forgot about everything else. I gladly took him under my wing, but what I did not know was that he did not want to forget everything, he wanted to forget you - just you."

A choked sob brought Virat's monologue to a halt, and he paused to see Shubman, the one-half of the amar-prem duo of ICT, struggling to breathe, while tears ran down his cheeks, never stopping, never-ending. He felt pity for the man sitting in front of him, but he also knew that he needed to know the truth, before he took a decision that had far-fetching consequences. He looked at Rohit, who was now gathering Shubman in his arms, and comforting him with back rubs.

After the sobs had subsided, Rohit slowly took hold of Shubman's shoulders, cleared his throat, and said,

"There is something else you should know, Shubi. I have been observing Ishan these past couple of months, because I knew there had been some reason as to why you did not hang out as much, or get up to some mischief as you did before. Shubi, it's...."

"What, Rohit bhai, what is it?" asked a teary-eyed Shubman.

"He actively avoids you, or anything to do with you. He won't listen to any of your interviews, will listen to your voice, or stay in your vicinity for a maximum of two minutes before he excuses himself. On multiple occasions, I saw him down a glass of alcohol quickly when you arrived. I think..."

"Whatever happened between you, we are sure he cannot stand to be near you." boomed Virat's voice from the other end of the room.

When Shubi looked up from Rohit arms into Virat's eyes, he found a world of sympathy in those eyes, but Virat continued, unperturbed,

"You have got to make a decision here, Shubi. Whatever it is that happened, now is a chance for you to move past it. I don't promise things will be easy, but if he is important to you, go through that door. If not, he won't know you were here and everyone will go on about their lives. The decision is yours."

And what could Shubman say to that?