Chapter 7: Release
==================

Guys, as I am fairly new at writing, I would be blessed if you could give me any pointers on my style of writing (what you like, what you did not). Enjoy this chapter.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Shubman came out of the room, he found Virat and Rohit pacing, on calls with god-knows-who. Looking at Ishan had shattered him, but he knew the time to run to Virat with every problem was not in the cards. He had a lot of growing up and groveling to do - on his own. But before that, there was something he needed to do.

He needed to talk to Sara.

He cleared his throat, prompting Virat to swiftly turn his face in his direction.

"His condition remains unchanged."

Virat's eyes softened at that, and he came forward to envelop Shubman in a hug. Their eyes were misty when they pulled back, and Shubman understood why the country called the ICT a family - they braved every storm together.

He quickly sent Sara a "In Mumbai, can you meet?" text, and waited.

When Sara finally arrived at the hospital, Shubman had gone through rounds of anxiety. To calm himself, he sat with Virat and Rohit, helped them fend off the media, picked up numerous calls from his teammates, who were all equally worried for Ishan, and called home to let them know what had happened. He could not sit still, because sitting still meant thinking, and thinking meant spiraling. He could not afford to spiral - Ishan needed him.

He spotted Sara coming toward him and gave her a quick hug. She looked beautiful as always, her smile a welcome beacon in the days of darkness.

He gestured to a nearby chair and sat down in an adjoining one. He was glad Virat had arranged for a private space for him to talk to Sara; he could not bear the thought of being media fodder, his personal life out to hang.

The thought jolted him out of his thoughts and he noticed that Sara had been trying to gain his attention for quite a while.

Dismissing his thought, he graced her with a short smile.

"Sorry, just...too many thoughts."

She smiled and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"I understand. It must be difficult, to see your best friend in such a condition. But don't worry - Ishan is a fighter, he will be up and bugging you in no time."

Shubman had to give Sara this, she was an extremely cheerful person and just the sort of support you need in such times.

But nothing, Shubman noticed, would cheer him up-nothing, except the sight of Ishan finally waking up and smiling.

He gave her a short smile, and began.

"Thanks, Sara. I, uh, I actually wanted to talk to you about something. It's just that..."

Shubman stopped. Sara was brilliant, beautiful, and kind - everything you could want in a partner. But she also deserved someone who would be hers - 100%. Unfortunately, Shubaman had realized in the past 48 hours, that he belonged to someone who was hurt due to his stupidity.

Shubman didn't need to continue, because Sara laid a hand over his, and said,

"You want to break up with me?"

Shubman was astonished. Here he was, agonizing over how to tell her, and Sara was speaking to him calmly, as if he wasn't ending their relationship.

But Sara just smiled and continued,

"It's okay, Shubman. I knew it was a long time coming, and I am not upset about it. I could see it in your face, how you tried to give your all to this relationship. But you never could, because your heart was tied to someone else. I am right, aren't I?

To be honest, I always thought we were great friends rather than partners, and I would hate to lose a friend over this. I just want you to know that I fully support you, and I am glad you finally came to your senses."

Shubman did not know what to say to this, so he just hugged her tightly.

"Thank you, Sara, thank you so much for understanding. You have no idea how much this has been weighing on me."

"Don't thank me yet - the media is going to go gaga over this - you might even get trolled."

"As long as you are my friend, I won't be scared."

"Oh, hush you, charmer. Save the charm for the patient."

As this, Shubman gave a look of surprise. But she just rolled her eyes and continued.

"What? I am not blind. You spent months brooding that he won't talk, won't hang out; you fretted for days about his birthday gift on our dates, it's hard not to notice that -"

"Sara, I am sorry -"

"I am just teasing, Shubman, relax. Like I said, I am not upset. I saw it coming. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

Shubman felt like an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He smiled at Sara and was about to reply, when a frazzled Virat came in.

"He's awake."