Chapter 10: Patience
====================

Ishan had a hard time sitting still even at the best of times - his dad often said he was born with a spring fitted inside. He was constantly moving - either up to some pranks or flitting from one place to the next.

The hospital felt like a prison.

He hated being bound to the bed, with numerous tubes attached day and night. He could not move, he could not get up, and he was mostly sedated to help his wounds heal - it was no surprise he was cranky most of the time. But even with his crankiness, he noticed two things:

His family and his ICT family had been his rock - his family fed him, held his hand when he was in pain, and kept up a string of conversation so he would not get bored. His (other) family visited almost every day; Virat and Rohit were often a permanent fixture. Hardik and Jaddu played jokesters in the hospital, Mahi bhai spent time with his parents, and everyone else constantly surrounded him - so much so that sometimes he had to kick them out to get some sleep.

Hehad been situated outside Ishan's room from Day 1.

No one talked abouthimwith Ishan, as though they had all been given the same lecture by someone (he suspected Virat bhai). He did hear everyone talking tohimoutside the door - everyone else's voice boisterous,his- muted. No one knew what had happened, but they let the pair be, even his parents. Ishan did seehimsometimes, when he was being wheeled for one test or another, but no one dared initiate a conversation.

Ishan was glad. He really was. The morethat personstayed away from him, the better. Still, he was getting angstier by the day, as everyone was perfectly happy behaving like the person outside the door did not exist.

One day, when it was only him and Rohit bhai (who was browsing through some magazines), his resolve broke.

"Why is he here?"

Rohit, for his part, did not feign ignorance.

"He wants to see you, Ishan."

"Bully for him. I don't want to see him."

"Okay, then tell him that."

"I don't want to talk to him."

"Well, I am not telling him to leave."

Ishan pouted.

"Virat bhai would listen to me."

Rohit put on a sugary smile and said,

"But your Virat bhai isn't here, is he?"

Ishan wondered when their roles had reversed - when Virat started backing Ishan more - but he figured it was something to do withhim.

Hehadto do something. Rohit bhai was looking at him, smirking, like he knew something Ishan did not.

Annoyed, he barked at the door.

"Hey, dickhead!"

A head appeared through a crack in the door, beaming at Ishan. Ishan hated that smile instantly.

"You called?"

Ishan looked at Rohit, who simply shook his head, left the room, and made a 'go inside' motion at the beaming head.

The beaming head entered the room.

Ishan looked away, and with hands crossed across his chest, declared,

"I don't want to see you, I don't have anything to say to you, so you may leave."

"Then don't see me, I won't disturb you. But I am not leaving."

Ishan whipped his head at that, and was irked to see a smile blooming onhisface.

"If you care or cared about me even a little bit, you will leave."

There, he thought smugly, that should do it.

"I care about you very, very much - which is why I am not leaving. Get that in your thick head."

He glared, but all he received in return was a triumphant smile, so he did what he had to.

He threw a book at the smiling face.