Chapter 11: Lesson
==================

Ishan refused to look at him.

Shubman tries not to let it get to him.

He fails.

After Ishan threw the book at Shubman, his parents rushed inside and scolded them, but Shubman would have gladly accepted a ton of books at his head if it meant Ishan would talk to him. Sadly, that was the end of their interaction. Ishan went back to sleep, and Shubman stood outside like the world's awkwardest watchman.

"He's a stubborn one, always has been."

Somehow, Shubman never thought Raj, Ishan's brother, to be the one to broach the topic.

Shubman could say nothing to that, so he just smiled in return.

"Once, I tried pranking him for a change. I knew his fear of reptiles, so I kept a plastic lizard in his bag. He was furious when he came home. Apparently, he had found the lizard during school hours, gotten scared, and wet himself."

Shubman imagined a cute, tiny Ishan coming home - furious and tearful - and immediately wanted to give that poor child a hug.

"But, what I learned that day, is to never prank a prankster. He used that opportunity to get himself acclimatized to lizards, and a month later, I found myself flailing around, because Ishan had caught a real lizard and put it down my shirt."

Shubman burst into a laugh, but also put a sympathetic hand over Raj's shoulders.

"What I am saying is this - he's upset with you. His anger runs very deep because he feels very deeply. Once he loves, you get his unbridled loyalty and devotion. But you also get his anger. You have to be patient - but you also cannot let him dictate everything. Otherwise, you will spend the next 10 years outside this door, and I don't think security is really your career of choice."

Not knowing what to say, Shubman simply gave Raj a hug, which he hoped conveyed how grateful he was for the advice.

Shubman had a rough idea of how to win Ishan back. He did not know if it would work, but when had Gill ever backed down from a challenge?

Over the next few days, Shubman made it a point to be within Ishan's eyesight all the time. It was tentative at first, just for a few moments; Shubman had not forgotten what Virat had said, and Shubman did not want a repeat of  Ishan's episode. He started with a minute or two - helping Ishan's mom fluff his pillows, talking to Ishan's dad while Ishan rested, and even stealing some of his mom's food. Ishan's glares and refusal to speak to him hurt, but it was better than not getting to see him at all.

More often than not, he found himself staring at Ishan dreamily - the beard was doing insane things to his libido, but he managed to control himself. Not even Ishan's parents were going to be lenient if he popped a boner in their presence.

When he arrived at the hospital one day, he noticed the mood of the patient room to be more subdued than usual.

Shubman always noticed how much it frustrated Ishan to stay confined to his bed. Today was no better. He seemed to vibrate with all the pent-up energy, and even his parents were trying to make themselves scarce. Fortunately for Shubman, he and Ishan had been left alone for the first time in days. Unfortunately, Ishan had plans.

By the time Shubman adjusted the flowers that arrived for Ishan and cleared up some room for himself, Ishan was trying to get up.

Alarmed, Shubman made to move toward him, when Ishan, sensing his intentions, glared at him so intensely that Shubman backed away for a second.

Ishan was dedicated, Shubman had to give him that. He was careful to not hurt himself - he got up very carefully, mindful of his injuries and the IV drip, balanced himself using the palms of his hands, and sat on the bed. Mission 1 - complete.

It was only when he tried standing up that his energy gave away. He obviously had not calculated the stiffness of his muscles and the energy it would take to stand up, and was about to fall, when an arm around his waist steadied him.

He had closed his eyes while bracing for impact, but sensing no fall, he opened them to stare into Shubman's concerned ones. Shubman held him with his arms wound tightly, as if worried Ishan might vanish if he let go.

Ishan hated the way his body grew warm at the contact, and immediately tried to wriggle out of Shubman's grip. Shubman let go, and made Ishan sleep on the bed again. It was only when he turned away that Ishan spoke.

"Don't ever touch me again."