Chapter 12: Beginnings
======================

May 2021:

Ishan loved his ICT family, he really did, but sometimes they made it really difficult not to strangle them on the spot.

Like right now.

The team was together for an all-round training camp for the upcoming ODI, T20, and test match series against South Africa. The matches were not for another 2 months, but the board deemed this camp necessary. Tonight, they were given a reprieve from their rigid schedule, which meant everyone wanted to party. Partying meant people getting smashed, teasing each other, and lots of practical jokes.

It started with everyone taking a dig at Siraj, who was apparently tagged in actress Shraddha Kapoor's IG story. It did not help that Siraj blushed bright red every time someone teased him, and so, to fend off the attention, he blurted out -

"What about Ishan? He's got the craziest fans - remember those girls who followed our bus to get a selfie with him? And what about that Slovenian influencer who spent the entire day with him?"

Usually, Ishan would bask in this attention, even add anecdotes his teammates had forgotten, but he was distracted today.

Shubman had decided to wear a sky-blue workday shirt that hugged his body in all the right places. He was the literal definition of smoking hot, with his broody looks and a drink in his hand.

Ishan was getting irritated - how could someone look so hot?

Shikhar bhai piped in.

"What about that guy in Delhi? I heard he offered you money to spend an hour with you. Or was it a watch?"

The statement was met with whistles and hoots, but Ishan could not pay attention to any of it.

Because there Shubman sat, broody and handsome as always, but there was an undercurrent of anger in his eyes now. His grip on his glass had gotten tighter, but Ishan refused to believe it had something to do with the comments.

Since when had Shubman started getting angry about Ishan's prospects?

I am putting too much thought into his gestures, Ishan thinks and joins in the team's shenanigans.

He stumbled into his room a little after 1, thinking Shubman must have dozed off by then.

He was wrong.

Shubman sat on the sofa facing the garden, with a bottle in his hand. At the sound of the door opening, he looked up to see Ishan entering with a sheepish look on his face.

"So, was it a watch or money?"

"What are you talking about?"

Ishan sat on the sofa gingerly, the slight buzz of alcohol and the look in Shubman's eyes felt like someone was doing somersaults in his stomach.

He need not have to worry about an answer though, because as soon as he sat down, Shubman was on him in an instant - he had scrambled toward Ishan on his knees (a little wobbly, which Ishan privately thought the cutest thing ever).

He looked at Ishan with those wide eyes of his, a little accusingly.

"Did you go on a date with him? The guy who gave you - hic - the watch?"

Ishan was at a loss for words in front of his boozy, hiccuping best friend. But Shubman was perfectly happy carrying on the conversation on his own.

"I don't like it, when they tease you. I don't like the thought of you with - hic - with that guy. Why do you need someone else? You have me. I will take you wherever you want to go. I remember you liked that beachy shirt. Should I buy you one? Ishu, tell me tell me tell - hic - me!"

This, was accompanied by a vigorous cheek pulling that Ishan had no time to process, mostly because his brain was stuck on Shubaman's slurred speech.

What was Shubman saying?

Why was he jealous?

Did he....reciprocate Ishan's feelings?