Chapter 13: Clash
=================

Ishan hated white.

He hated the white of the hospital room, the bed, the sheets, the white of ICT test players who got to play while he stewed in a bed.

Most of all, he hated the white of Shubman's teeth when he flashed his dimples at the nurses and made them giggle.

He wanted to throw something at his (Shubman's) head - no fault of the nurses - who would be immune to the infamous Shubman charm?

Ishan had been granted permission to visit the hospital grounds in a wheelchair. He had reluctantly accepted (he had not forgotten what had happened the last time-  his body had felt electric when Shubman held his waist, and for a split, split second, he had wanted to lean into the heat). When he was ready, he was irritated to see that Shubman had volunteered to wheel him around. He gritted his teeth in annoyance, but stayed silent.

Silence became unbearable when it was evident that Shubman now knew the entire hospital - he waved at the ward boys and shared lunches with grandmothers, charmed the nurses and high fived the interns - one flash of his dimple and they were goners.

Ishan was at the end of his patience. He tried concentrating on the surroundings, breathing in the fresh air after months of being cooped up in his room felt good. He knew he had a long way to go before he was given a clean bill of health, but right now, that was, nothing mattered.

"Shubman, I saw the show you recommended - so good yaar!"

Ishan felt (for the hundredth time) his chair coming to a halt, followed by a gaggle of dewy-eyed women surrounding Shubman, all eager to chat him up. He endured it as much as he could, not wanting to give Shubman the satisfaction of seeing him riled up. Shubman, oblivious to Ishan's turmoil, spent his merry time chattering away, drumming up more recommendations, and asking for reviews.

When a bell rang, they reluctantly waved goodbye, promising to return with more fodder.

Unable to control himself any longer, Ishan spit out,

"Have we missed any other fans of yours? I'll wait - we can have a marathon session."

He knew the moment he blurted it out that he should have kept his mouth shut - a world of teasing was his fortune now. But he couldn't control himself - it was too much.

He shut his eyes - he knew he must have sounded like a child, but in that moment, he had not cared. All he wanted was for everyone to leave (he refused to ask himself the reason).

When he opened them, he was shocked to find Shubman kneeling in front of him.

Shubman, he noticed, was careful not to touch him. He had a soft smile, and calmly, he said,

"I am sorry Ishu. I am so, so sorry. You must know - tu sabse khaas hai, tu hi mithas hai."

Normally, Ishan would have laughed at such cheesy lines, but Shubman looked so serious that he dared not say anything.

Shubman looked like he wanted to say more, but not wanting to push the sanctity of the peace they had built, he decided to let go, stood up, and wheeled Ishan around for a while.

It was a good day, thought Ishan.

Jealousy suits him, thought Shubman.