Chapter 16: Eruption
====================

I think there was some confusion in the last chapter:

When Shubman tugs his earlobe, he is remembering Ishan (who always wears earrings). I thought it was very obvious, which is why I added it. Sorry for the confusion.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dec 2021

After that disastrous night, Ishan and Shubman spent the next few months in a limbo. They remained unsure of how to behave around each other, and it showed. For Ishan and Shubman, the casual flirting, the touches - everything suddenly became loaded with meaning.

Ishan desperately wanted to ask Shubman what he meant that night, but then he imagined Shubman rejecting him and their friendship, and nothing was worth that.

Shubman was berating himself for revealing his feelings to Ishan, who did not even respond or reject him. Shubman was unsure what he was more scared of - the conversation or the rejection.

So they stayed, as friends who shared a room, shared feelings, together - but eons apart. They wished they could talk to the other person, bare their heart and get reciprocated feelings in return, but remained afraid of rejection.

It all changed on Christmas.

Harry bhai had arranged a farmhouse Christmas fiesta for friends and family, and the ICT was having a blast decorating, giving gifts, dancing, and pulling pranks. Ishan was due to arrive in a while, and was sorely missed by everyone - old and young alike.

The children asked for their Ishan chachu, who had promised to be Santa and come bearing gifts, while his team members missed their chota dhamaka who turned every party into a paartaay!

It was Devika bhabhi who spoke first.

"You know, there was this girl I met a couple of days ago, she reminded me so much of Ishan that I told Surya I wanted to set them up. What do you guys think?"

In response, she was bombarded with a storm of questions, ranging from "What does she do?" to "What's her IG handle?"

Devika rolled her eyes, opened her phone, and showed them the girl's photos. They all gathered around her like a flock of hens, all eager to see who could potentially be Ishan's girlfriend.

They all oohed and aahed at the photo, and Jaddu bhai called a passerby Shubman closer,

"Hey Shubi, check out Ishan's girlfriend!"

Shubman, who was walking around eating a snowcone, promptly dropped it.

Ishan had a girlfriend? Since when? And why did he not mention it to Shubman? Is that where he was currently? Is that why he had not texted him?

Was that the sound of Shubman's heart breaking?

He cleared his throat (hoped his eyes did not look misty) and with a tight smile at Jaddu bhai, replied,

"Are you looking at chimpanzee photos again, bhai? Because that's the only way Ishu is getting a girlfriend."

"No, c'mere, look. She's real. Devika met her and thinks they will suit each other. As his best friend, you must know best. Look at her and talk to Ishu."

Looking at some girl for Ishan was the last thing Shubman wanted to do, but he had no choice. He gave a cursory glance at the photo. The girl was cute, with a face made for laughing. And Ishan loved making people laugh. Shubman could imagine the girl and Ishan, walking hand in hand, laughing together...

Shubman wished he had a hammer so he could destroy something.

Conscious of the fact that everyone was looking at him and waiting for his verdict, he said,

"What do you need my permission for if she's already Ishan's girlfriend?"

Harry bhai piped in.

"No, bro. Devika bhabhi thinks she's perfect but we wanted your opinion before we introduce her to Ishan. Don't worry Shubi, you will always be his #1. Aur hum hai na, we'll spend time with you when Ishan galavants around with his girlfriend."

This, was said with wiggling eyebrows, followed by laughs and hoots.

Shubman wished he could close his ears and run far, far away, when a voice stilled everyone.

"Mere bina party? Aise toh ho nai sakta."

Shubman whirled around to see Ishan, who seemed to come bearing gifts and his trademark smile.

And just like that, Shubman forgot what he was worried about in the first place. His smile tended to have that effect, and Shubman looked around to see that everyone had mirroring and equally fond smiles on their faces for their Ishu.

He took a step toward Ishan, but Ishan was instantly surrounded by all the children, all vying for his attention and the gifts.

He watched the scene before him unfolding with a warmth seeping into his heart - Ishan was making a big show of taking out gifts and asking every child if they had been good or bad. Shubman watched as every child looked up to Ishan with an adoring expression as they were handed their gifts and a hug.

Shubman could relate to the kids.

He figured it was time to rescue Ishan from the kids, when he saw a guy approaching Ishan. He came with a gift in hand, a little shy, but when Ishan saw him, his eyes lit up and he welcomed him with a tight hug.

It's good that Ishan has found a new best friend, Shubman thinks bitterly. He did not even remember me, let alone look at me, and here he is - draping himself over some guy, exchanging gifts and smiling at each other like idiots.

"Careful Shubi, a green eyed monster is on the loose."

Shubman scowled at Harry bhai, who was clearly trying to control his laughter.

"Aww Shubi, don't be jealous just because Ishu's boyfriend is very hot and won't leave any Ishan for us. You are still our favorite."

"What? He's not even that hot –"

"That's what we are concentrating on now, are we?"

Harry bhai was not even attempting to hide his laughter now. After a beat, he took Shubman's hand, and proclaimed loudly,

"C'mon everyone, it's time to dance!"

He was met with a chorus of "Woohoo", as everyone gathered on the dance floor.

It was truly a remarkable scene to watch - kids dancing with grown men, bhabhis letting loose, Rohit and Virat trying to do a hilarious impersonation of salsa, and people slow dancing to party tunes. Shubman, seeing his chance, walked up to Ishan, held up his hand, and simply said,

"May I have this dance?"

Ishan looked away from Maanav, who he had hung out with a few times ago, and was instantly mesmerized by Shubman's dimply smile. He was unaware when he had slipped his hand into Shubman's inviting ones, and let himself be led on the dance floor.

Shubman wasted no time in resting one hand behind Ishan's back, while his other one intertwined with Ishan's. Shubman led Ishan with a grace only two people in sync as they were could lead. They swayed back and forth, with faces close enough to lock their eyes together in silent symphony. Shubman hoped his eyes conveyed everything his mouth could not, and he pulled Ishan closer, unwilling to let go of him for even a second. As the music changed, Shubman twirled Ishan but brought him back for a dip, which was met with applause, effectively breaking their moment.

A tap on Ishan's shoulder made him flinch, and he swerved around to see Maanav asking him to join everyone else. Ishan took his hand and was happily led toward the other cricketers, who then proceeded to engage him in a dance-off. Shubman stood there, dumbfounded, watching his best friend go from their dance to behaving as if nothing had happened.

With that stranger, of all people!

Shubman seethed. Enough was enough - how long was Ishan going to stay away, pretend like that conversation had not happened, and let some stranger hold his hands and dance with him?

Egged on by his feelings, Shubman, in three strides, was beside Ishan, and dragged Ishan out, while everyone looked on in amusement.

As soon as they reached a private gazebo just outside the sleeping quarters, Ishan wrenched his hand out of Shubman's grip.

"What is the matter with you? Why are you being so rude?"

"Why, did it hurt your boyfriend's feelings?"

"Boyf–? What are you talking about?"

"That bozo you were talking to, bade latke jhatke lag rahe the uske saath, while I don't even get a hello when we met after god knows how long. You haven't even texted me properly all these months. What, too busy for your best friend? Or was your boytoy keeping you preoccupied?"

As Shubman spoke, his anger grew. He took a step, then another, and another, until Ishan was backed against the wall, too stunned in the face of Shubman's outburst.

Shubman was close, too close. His breath, ragged after spilling everything, fanned Ishan's face, who had to strain his neck to look at Shubman.

"Shubi.."

"Tell me, Ishan, tell me what I did wrong. I told you that night, didn't I? You have me, then why do you go around with someone else, WHEN I AM RIGHT HERE?"

"BECAUSE I LIKE YOU, AND YOU WILL NEVER LIKE ME LIKE THAT, EVER!"

Ishan could not believe he had spilled his feelings like that. He looked into Shubman's eyes, which looked like two blazing suns, and opened his mouth to take his words back, but whatever he was about to say was cut off by a mouth descending over his.

Ishan's hand automatically wound up around Shubman's waist, holding him close, while Shubman held Ishan's face in his hands, as if Ishan would fly away if not held.

Shubman kissed like he played - with a singular focus that took your breath away. He kissed with a fervor that made it seem it was your first and last kiss, that he would die if he did not kiss you that instant.

He nibbled Ishan's lips, and bit them when Ishan would not grant him entry. Ishan gasped at that, and Shubman plunged deep into his mouth, leaving room for no thoughts.

Just as Ishan thought he would lose his mind, Shubman started trailing nibbles across Ishan's neck, leaving peppered kisses in his wake.

Ishan was in heaven.

Ishan was in hell.

Ishan did not want to stop.

The sound of fireworks tore them apart.

Ishan looked at Shubman, panting, with a mouth that looked thoroughly ravaged. He presumed his did not look any better.

He was fine with it.