Chapter 18: Turmoil
===================

A few more months later....

There were a few defining moments in your life - your first prize, your first international match, the first time you felt you could not live without someone.

Unfortunately, the first time Ishan wanted to tell Shubman about his feelings was pretty anticlimatic.

They had just finished their practice for the day, and instead of going to the room, the team was lounging around, chatting and pulling pranks. Ishan was sitting with a bunch of players, while Shubman stood chatting with Virat. Ishan was starting to find it odd that Shubman spent so much time away from him nowadays. He chalked it up to career pressures, and decided not to prod the thought further.

He switched his attention to Kuldeep and Surya, who had decided to harass the resident pranksters.

"Hey Shubi, did you hear what Ishan is saying about you? He says your bowling is as bad as your cooking."

Shubman reached them in three strides, and pounced on Ishan.

"Saale, tere bowling se toh achi hi hai. Aur ab toh mere haath ke parathe khaane ke liye taras jaa tu, phir aana mere paas."

Ishan, never one to back down, whirled on Kuldeep bhai.

"Kya bhai aap bhi. Shubman mazaak kar rahe the wo. Mai aur tere cooking ki beizzati karu aise ho sakta hai kya. Bata mujhe?"

Shubman still refused to budge. He pouted and crossed his arms, and refused to look at Ishan.

Shubman, itna cute kyu hai yaar tu - koi aise chehre se pyar kaise na kare, thought Ishan, and promptly covered his mouth before he vomited his feelings.

Shit, shit, shit, he thought. What should I do?

He needed to get out of there, fast. Fortunately, Kuldeep bhai chose that moment to reveal that they were kidding, so Shubman flashed him a smile and left. Shubman had not accosted him more, which he found odd. He must be tired from all the practice, he thought.

Ishan got a bottle of water for himself, and after much deliberation, decided that in a week or two, he would tell Shubman he liked him. He knew Shubman liked him too, but he still wanted to hear it from Shubman himself. He could not wait.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman, on the other hand, was going out of his mind. The conversations with his manager and his dad would not leave his mind. He had spent an inordinate amount of time reviewing the pros and cons of everything said and occurred. He knew Virat bhai's trajectory, knew the ups and downs the man had to endure to become the person he was today. He wanted to be just as great as Virat was, Sachin sir was. Was he losing his chance at a greater life because of his choices?

And then there was the question of his love life. He was thunderstruck, when one of his and Sara's mutual friends had confessed that Sara was interested in him. He had not returned to Ishu that night, too conflicted by his feelings. He felt guilty when he spent time with Ishan; Ishan, who lit up when they kissed, who was fast becoming a firm part of his life. What about his relationship with Ishan? He thought about their careers - two men in a relationship, how will it affect them? Will anyone accept them? Will they ever be able to hold hands in public?

Shubman had a decision to make, and he had to make it fast.