Chapter 19: Parting
===================

A week later:

Today was the day, Ishan could feel it.

Okay, all Ishan could feel was anxiety, but he could push past it.

After a week of agonizing over his feelings, Ishan had decided to confess his feelings to Shubman. It was their day off, and he and Shubman were going to be absolutely alone in the evening, Ishan had made sure of it. He had rejected Shreya bhai when asked to hang out, Surya bhai's shopping expedition, and Harry bhai's offer to go clubbing. They knew he spoke for both him and Shubi, for which he was glad. He did not want to explain to Shubi why he had rejected all plans. Shubi was already stressed from the past few days, and this would only irritate him further.

He had prodded Shubi a little about his issues - Ishan was more than willing to support him or lend an ear, but Shubman seemed insistent it was nothing, and then promptly rolled over and fell asleep. Ishan hoped today would ease some of his worries.

As he waved goodbye to Harry and his teammates before retiring to their room, he made sure Shubman was not in the lobby or the gaming room. He swiped the necessary items from the concierge and took the lift to their floor.

When he entered the room, he heard the shower, which meant his plan was well on its way to working. He wanted to do something special, but he knew the media could smell scandal a mile away and would follow them; hence, the private celebration.

He quickly arranged the table with candles and flowers, arranged the milk cakes and assorted pastries he knew Shubman likes, and scattered some flowers all over. He dimmed the light to create a romantic setting, waiting for the nuisance he called his Shubi.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Shubman stepped out of the shower, he thought he had stepped into a film set. He looked around to see if he was hallucinating, but then something came running and was hugging him.

"Hi, baby."

It was Ishan, who was looking up at him with those doe eyes of his. Shubman looked around, and added two and two together.

Ishan wanted to spend some....romantic time together.

Ishan, who was wonderful and kind and funny and deserved everything good in the world. Ishan, who deserved someone who had his absolute loyalty, someone who did not have to choose, someone who would make his life easy.

Someone.....not Shubman.

Tears welled up in his eyes then, unbidden, and Shubman knew he was about to do the toughest thing in life.

He held Ishan by his arms, and put some distance between them.

"Ishan. Ishan, we need to talk..."

"I thought so too, which is why I wanted to surprise you with..."

"Ishan, I don't think we should do this."

"What are you talking about? I asked, we can have candles in the room, don't worry about it."

"ISHAN."

Ishan stopped rambling, and looked at Shubman in silence.

Shubman took a deep breath, brushed his hand over his eyes, and began,

"Ishan, you're my best friend - I don't want to imagine a life without you –"

"Me too, you must know..."

"Let me finish, please. I cannot continue this. WE cannot continue this, this....making out and making gooey eyes, and, and, and....this romantic surprise. Where are we going with this Ishu? Do we have a future? Two Indian cricketers - do you think we can ever be a couple? Who are we kidding? I don't want to lose you, so I think it is better if we stop. We can concentrate on our careers - you want to be the next Mahi bhai right? You can be Ishu, I believe in you. But we should stay together as friends."

Shubman was on a roll now.

"Do you have any idea what our parents will think, what our team, the fans, everyone will think? You understand what I am saying, right? I know you will agree Ishu - it's the best choice for everyone."

When Shubman looked at Ishan, he noticed Ishan staring at him with an expressionless face. In a hushed voice, knowing the answer was going to determine their friendship's future, Shubamn asked,

"Ishu, what do you think?"

What could Ishan do, but give Shubman whatever he desired - even if what he desired was threatening to tear Ishan in two? Ishan wanted to hold his head and pretend the last few moments had not happened, he wanted to hug Shubi, shake him and ask him why he was breaking Ishan's heart. He wanted everything to just....stop.

He wanted to voice his doubts, he wanted to promise Shubi that whatever problems may come, they will storm it together. But how could he, when Shubman seemed like he had already made up his mind?

He gathered all the strength left in him, tried to hold back the tears threatening to choke him, and blurted,

"You are right."

The sigh of relief from Shubman was a final blow to Ishan, who felt like the world was closing in on him; his ears were filled with a single high pitched sound, and then he could hear nothing but the beat of his own heart.

He blinked tears out of his eyes, mumbled a quick "I will see you", and walked out of the room and Shubman's life.