Chapter 20: Revelations
=======================

Guys, I will not be able to update for a few days.

Also, in this chapter, "not asking, not telling" refers to the US military service policy, if anyone is confused.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are a few moments in life, Ishan thinks, when you think you are inching a step toward normalcy, but end up two steps backward. The match, the dedication - it had drained Ishan. He had his family, Rahul bhai to console him - they all thought he missed cricket, he missed Shubman. He let them think so - because to explain his feelings would have drained him further.

Two days later, he still feels wrung out - he hasn't slept well, his injuries hinder his progress, and everything feels muted, somehow. He's just aimlessly scrolling through his phone, when Rohit bhai comes barreling in, followed by a loud thud of the door.

Ishan sits straight, startled.

"Bhai, how -"

"The next match is at Wankhede. Shubi-"

"Rohit bhai, I don't want to see him."

"But-"

"No. I am sorry bhai, but I really, really don't want to see him right now."

Rohit could see Ishan's dark circles, his drooped shoulders - all pointing toward how tired he was. He knew how agonizing it was to be confined to a place - he knew it was much worse for Ishan, who was infamous for never, ever sitting still. Still, he sensed that Ishan's tiredness wasn't all due to his injury.

He sighed, and took a seat next to the bed.

"Okay, no talking about Shubi."

He mimicked zipping his lips and throwing the key away, which earned him a laugh.

"Kaisa ha? Aur sach sach bata, ye 'I am fine' wala gaana mat baja mere saamne."

Ishan smiled, because hewasabout to say he was fine, but stopped short.

Ishan wanted to spill everything. He was tired - tired of lying, keeping his emotions at bay, at pretending.

"I'm.....I'm tired, bhai."

Ishan closed his eyes, not wanting Rohit bhai to see his eyes brimming with unshed tears. Rohit, on the other hand, was tired of heeding Virat's advice, who had asked him to keep mum and let the two idiots resolve the issue on their own. What they needed was a Rohit Sharma special whacking. Knowing Ritika would kill him if he laid a hand on her precious Ishu, Rohit decided to take a different approach.

"Ishan, kitne saal se jaante hai hum ek dusre ko? It's common knowledge that I have a soft spot for you, naughty kid that you are. But now it's time to give it to you straight - it's fine if you don't want to disclose anything - I am not asking and you are not telling - I hope you know what that means. But I want you to know that I support you, unequivocally. We all do. Whatever choice you make, we stand behind you and will face the consequences together. Duniya ka mat soch, it doesn't matter. But tu bas bata yaar, kya chupa raha hai itne dino se apne dil me?"

"Tujhe pata bhi hai teri haalat dekhke Virat aur mai kaise ho gaye ? Uparse the paramedic told us your eyes looked dead when they saved you - I want to know what happened, because you are my friend, but more than that - you are my family, and I need to know so I can protect you."

Ishan let his tears flow, in front of his Rohit bhai - his inspiration, his backbone....his family. Rohit gathered him in his arms, and tried soothing him like he did Sammy. Ishan held on tighter, as if he had been waiting for some physical contact all this while, and this thought broke Rohit, who wiped his own tears, and asked Ishan,

"Bata."

And so Ishan began.

"I thought he was something he wasn't bhai. I kept falling and falling and falling, and not once did I think about what would happen if there was no one to catch me. I fell, harder and deeper. He was....he was everything to me, but I clearly did not mean anything. He stepped away from me, as easy as breathing. I tried, bhai, you know? I tried being strong, tried keeping myself up, but I couldn't do it. How do you go from being someone's center of the universe to strangers? Everytime I saw him, his smile, his conversations - it was like a high pitched sound was taking over my senses - I couldn't breathe, I could not do anything, so I spent less and less time around him. I was addicted, and the withdrawal hurt like hell. I thought I would recover, slowly but surely, but then he started dating.

Here I was, wallowing in misery, and he had no qualms about breaking me. I woke up, every day, and cried my heart out. After a few days I didn't even know what I was crying about - I cried like babies cry. I went to bed crying too. Shreya bhai must have told you - I must have woken him up with my nightmares a lot of times because I could not stand sharing a room with.....him anymore. I felt like my world was ending, but then I saw Virat bhai training. I decided to put everything - my sorrows, my heartbreak, my anxiety - into training, and it did help. I knew I needed help, but cricket has always been my life and blood, and I thought it would heal me. It did, but to some extent I always knew I would remain broken all my life."

Ishan picked up a tissue and wiped his face, but the tears would not stop. He felt good voicing his emotions, and even though he had not blurted out the entire truth of their relationship to Rohit bhai, he knew bhai would read between the lines.

"I will forgive him, bhai. You know that, I know that - he is honest to a fault. But I cannot be his friend again, nor can I give him anymore of me - I don't think I have the strength to gather myself up again if he decides to leave again, if he decides to replace me or think I am not worth it. I am scared, Rohit bhai. I don't want to go through it again - it was so painful, that I wished I would die there and then every fucking day of my life, and I really, really, don't want to do it again."

Not knowing what to say, Rohit simply hugged his chota dhamaka, who bawled in his arms like a baby.

Unbeknownst to Ishan, Shubman stood outside the door, listening to the entire conversation with tears streaming down his cheeks.

He had arrived with Rohit to visit his Ishu, but had stopped to chat with Ishan's parents.

When Virat found him standing outside Ishan's door tearfully, he feared the worst. But Shubman just shook his head, and ran into Virat's bhai arms.

"Kya hua kaka? Ishu-"

"He's okay."

"Why are you crying then?"

Shubman sobbed even more at that, his tears soaking Virat's shirt.

"I've lost him forever bhai, forever."