Chapter 23: This or that
========================

If Ishan thought a month in the hospital was grating, his time at home was beginning to sound torturous.

For starters, his parents had left about 5 minutes ago and Ishan was going to be stuck withhim-him, who had shocked Ishan when he opened the door to Ishan's house, who had apparently installed railings and what-not so Ishan could use his wheelchair easily, who had gone to drop his parents off at the airport, who had done all of this with that cheeky smile on his face, as if he wanted to do nothing else but play nurse to his injured best friend.

Correction.

Ex-bestfriend.

Ishan groaned out loud, and ran a frustrated hand through his hair. How was he supposed to spend days cooped up withhimof all people? Why didn't he persuade his parents to take him with them? How was he supposed to survive all this?

He fired a quick text to Rohit bhai.

"SOS - Gilli Danda to be a pain in the ass! Help needed!"

He received a reply moments later.

"You have all the help you need, stop being a baby."

To that, Ishan sent a pouty selfie which he knew would get him out of murder.

"You know, the hospital is going to send some staff to help out with band-aids and cleaning - should I ask them to not come? Shubi would look excellent in a nurse's outfit."

Ishan really, really hated his team sometimes.

When the door opened 40 minutes later, Ishan gave a long sigh, and got ready to face the torture.

Shubman looked chirpy as always, whistling as he removed his shoes, stretched a bit, and plopped on the sofa.

Ishan was not going to give him the satisfaction by opening his mouth first. He didn't have to wait long.

"You okay? Do you want to rest for a while?"

Ishan merely grunted in response, laser focused on the television in front of him. The next thing he knew, Shubman turned the wheelchair towards him rather rapidly, caging Ishan with his hands on both sides of the chair.

Shubman bent down, slowly, locking his eyes with Ishan, and calmly said,

"Okay - we can do this two ways - either you answer me and I will help you, or I can simply carry you in my arms and plonk you on the bed. The choice is yours."

Ishan wanted to answer, he really did, but something about the intense look in Shubman's eyes had rendered him speechless. He cleared his throat, and tried to answer, his voice small.

"I would–I would just watch the movie for now."

Shubman smirked at the color blooming on Ishan's cheeks, but decided to let it go for now. He sat down, a little smugly, and continued watching the movie.

The movie was a common favorite, and Shubman felt his eyes getting misty over how it was just like the old days - before they had parted ways, before Shubman almost lost Ishan over his stupidity - just two bestfriends hanging out, without a care in the world. Ishan, for his part, also looked relaxed for the first time in days, and Shubman made a silent prayers to the gods listening to always keep Ishan this relaxed.

After a while, Shubman checked his phone to see if Ishan's parents had called (they promised to keep him updated) and was startled to find that it was already lunch time.

He got up, and prepared two plates - the homemade food that Ishan's mother had prepared for him, and the hospital mandated food for Ishan.

He set the plate in front of Ishan, whose attention was quickly diverted to Shubman's steaming hot and delicious plate of food.

"Ishu, you know you cannot eat that."

"But–"

"Sweetheart - you have two options - either you eat your nutritious plate of food, or I feed it to you."

Ishan scampered to gather his plate, and promptly began shoveling food in his mouth, all while shooting a nasty look at Shubman.

He thought 'my cutu patakha' in his mind but said "Eat or I feed you", never one to back down when Ishan behaved this way.

He's just so easy to rile up, Shubman thought, a little smile gracing his lips, which promptly disappeared when Ishan glared at him once more.