Chapter 28: A Little Closer
===========================

Shubman was no stranger to pain - he knew the only way forward, the only way to truly gain something was to push your body to its limits; there was no other way to achieve the impossible. Seeing his beloved in pain, though, was an entirely different matter.

As Ishan's wounds were slowly healing, even his plaster was supposed to come off in the next 10-15 days, the doctor had suggested slowly weaning him from the painkillers - natural healing was the best and it would help his organs stay healthier. Ishan had agreed, and his dosage was gradually decreased. Today, he was off his painkillers a 100%, and it showed on his face.

He tried to be brave about it - he watched shows, played video games enthusiastically, even practiced his physiotherapy exercises - but his face showed how much it cost him to stay upright.

Shubman kept asking if he wanted to continue the meds for a few more days; even the doctor had said it would be okay, but Ishan, being Ishan, had refused and carried on through the pain. Shubman kept trying to distract Ishan with his training stories, video calls with the team, and even asked Ishan if he wanted to get some fresh air, but nothing worked. Ishan was in so much pain that even the oil-free dinner that Shubman fed him was gulped down without a complaint, and when he muttered something about sleep helping, Shubman let him go, a concerned frown marring his face.

Just around midnight, when Shubman was just about to go to bed, he heard sniffles from Ishan's room. Worried, he knocked once and entered swiftly, his heart breaking at the scene in front of him. Ishan, lay on bed, clearly in pain, with tears streaming down his face. He had bit his lips to keep his whimpers in check, but his bloodshot eyes gave it all away.

"Ishan, Ishu...c'mon, let's just call the doctor and take the meds - you will feel better."

"No! I don't want to - it will happen sooner or later, and I don't want to rely on medicine all my life - you know what happens when cricketers do that."

Shubman understood his logic, he really did, but tell that to his heart, which was breaking with every tear making its way down Ishan's face.

Shubman was stuck, he didn't know how to make his friend feel better - he wanted to hug him, comfort him, but the last time they touched each other in this bed had been disastrous, and Shubman wanted to be respectful of Ishan's boundaries.

"Okay, what if - and please feel free to kick me out if you don't like it - I stay here and we prank call people?"

Ishan brightened at that, and the image was so hilarious that Shubman quietly laughed at it - my little shaitan, he thought amusedly.

He was just about to sit on the chair next to Ishan when Ishan abruptly stated,

"Uh, it's better if you sit next to me, I can't see your phone, what with your giraffe height and everything."

Shubman was pleasantly surprised that Ishan was allowing this liberty, but not wanting to look a gift horse in the mouth, he nodded and sat on the other side of Ishan's bed.

"Okay, who's the first bakra?"

"Call Yuzi bhai and tell him it's Hardik and we are waiting downstairs to go to a club."

"C'mon, really?"

"Ugh, Shubi, live a little!"

Saying so, Ishan snatched the phone from Shubman's hand, dialed Yuzi, and waited.

"Hiya Yuzi, sunn - party me jaana hai jaldi tayyar ho ja."

Yuzi, clearly awoken from his slumber, irritatedly replied,

"Abbe kaun hai itni raat ko pareshan kar rahe ho?"

"Apne harry bhai ko itna jaldi bhool gaye - I am hurt Yuzi, I am really, really hurt!"

Shubman was laughing his ass off as Ishan proceeded to do the most hilarious impersonation of Harry, and it seems even Yuzi was starting to believe him.

"Uh, Harry bhai kya tum bhi, itna kaha jaana hai tumko?"

"Abe chal na - naach hai gaana hai ladkiya hai aur kya hi chahiye - hum neeche hai jaldi aa chal!"

He could hear bhabhi in the background, asking what happened, to which Yuzi gave a clumsy, "there's some issue I have to go" excuse and got up.

When he came down 5 minutes later and spoke, "Abbe saalo kaha ho?", Ishan pretended to not hear him and said,

"Bhai tera network thik nai hai phone speaker pe kar."

Yuzi complied, and was instantly punished for it when Ishan shouted,

"Kya Yuzi, club jaane ka itna kya excitement hai ki biwi ko jhooth bolke 5 minutes me tayyar bhi ho gaye?"

Shubman couldn't control his laughter then, which only grew when he heard bhabhi on the balcony, shouting,

"Club? Tum aao, tum upar aao abhi khabar leti hu tumhari!"

Ishan and Shubman could not control their laughter, but promptly cut the phone lest they get in trouble. Shubman experienced one of those moments where everything faded away, and only Ishan and his unabashed laughter were the only things he could see clearly. He missed this, the way Ishan laughed with his entire body. It had seemed like those laughs were now reserved for everyone who was not Shubman, which made him cry sometimes, but this more than made up for it - because here they were in their own world, where no one could steal Ishan from him, and his laughs were for him.

To make sure Ishan did not stop laughing, Shubman started regaling him with more hilarious tales - Mahi bhai pranking Jaddu by pretending to be his wife, the time Shahneel had put hair removing cream in his shampoo, the time he had broken his teeth running behind the chaat wala, the time his towel had come undone in front of some guests - and Ishan laughed as he had not laughed for a quite a while, and for a while, all was okay.

When Ishan started yawning in between, Shubman decided it was time to end the day, and began to climb out of the bed.

"C'mon, you need your beauty sleep, I have many more embarrassing stories to share later."

"Uh.."

Sensing some hesitance, Shubman prodded a little.

"What happened? What is it? Are you in pain?"

"I...uh, would you mind staying with me for a while? It'll be easy to fall asleep while talking. I mean, if you are comfortable.."

Comfortable? Shubman would kill with his bare hands if it meant he got to stay with Ishan for a moment more. Ishan had no idea how crazy Shubman was for him, how restrained he had kept himself. But he didn't want to frighten Ishan with his intensity, so he settled for this.

He scooched a little closer, while Ishan, in a surprising move, threw his blanket over Shubman's legs.

"So your legs would not freeze; I know how ice cold your feet get," he explained a little embarrassed, but the pink on his cheeks kind of gave him away.

They both got comfortable, Shubman put on a light-hearted comedy, and they started talking about anything and everything. After a while, while Shubman was scrolling through his gallery for a hilarious photo he had taken of Rahul bhai, he suddenly noticed the weight of a head on his shoulder. Afraid of making a sudden move, he slowly moved his neck to see Ishan's head nestled comfortably; Shubman, fearful of repeating his past mistake, calmly said,

"Ishan, are you sleeping?"

A soft voice replied.

"No."

And then.

"Is this okay?"

Shubman's heart broke a little at the vulnerability in Ishan's voice. He knew the grief he had caused his Ishu, so much so that he had to now ask permission to lay on his Shubi.

"It's perfect."

In response, Ishan simply snuggled closer.

Noticing his shivering hands, Shubman changed the AC settings, but when that did not work, he asked,

"Ishan, uh...is it alright if I hold your hands? You are shivering."

"Seriously? That's your best line? You got no game, Gill."

"Hey, I got plenty of game - I got you, didn't I?"

Ishan didn't say anything, but simply put his hands on Shubman's.

Shubman started massaging them, trying to impart some warmth into Ishan's hands. He was glad to see Ishan's face gradually losing some of the grimaces and put his head over Ishan's to be closer.

If I died today, Shubman thought a little hysterically, I would be totally fine with it.