Chapter 30: The End?
====================

"X-ray reports."

"Check."

"Medication."

"Check."

"Physiotherapy equipment."

"Check."

"Your brain."

"Ch–hey!"

Shubman laughed and expertly dodged a pillow. They were packing Ishan's bags - he was getting on a flight home today. Arrangements were already made to transfer his care to a local hospital, and his health had finally permitted him to travel normally instead of being airlifted (Shubman had been a strong advocate for it, but one look from Ishan had shut him up).

Shubman would be leaving for home tomorrow - he had (2)homes to lock up, appointments to keep, and gifts to buy (this, for Shahneel, who had kept their parents off Shubman's back). He had obsessed over Ishan's departure for days - checking and rechecking everything, confirming if Ishan really was healthy enough to travel alone, and making up excuses to accompany Ishan to his home (Shubman had not been able to put a fight when Ishan said, "I am not an invalid!" in a broken voice, as if he wanted to prove something to himself.)

Shubman was not ready.

He was not ready to go home.

He was not ready for Ishan to go home.

He was not ready for this bubble of normalcy to burst.

Shubman was not ready to face reality.

So he hid, behind not-so-funny jokes, excuses, obsessive checks, and impromptu freaking-out texts to Shahneel about how Ishan seemed ecstatic over leaving him.

Ishan's face in his periphery brought him back.

Ishan stood in front of him.

His face looked tired for some reason, even though he had been excited beyond words ever since he had gotten the green signal from the doctors to go home.

He licked his lips, unsure how to start.

"Shubman, I...."

Shubman gave him a small smile, encouraging him to continue.

"Thank you. I...whatever happened, just....thank you. For taking care of me all this time. I know I haven't been the best of patients, but you still looked after me. Thank you, for–"

A tight hug muffled his next words. His arms automatically wound around Shubman's waist, and he could hear the loud thud of Shubman's heartbeats as he boomed,

"If you say one more word about how thankful you are, I will not let you go. It's already the hardest thing I am having to do, don't tempt me to lock you up."

"But I–"

"You want to test me?"

Shubman pressed Ishan to himself a little more, and Ishan whimpered at the friction. He didn't know if he would ever get a chance to be this close to Shubi again, so he nuzzled Shubman, inhaling his heady scent and stowing it away for months to remember. He suddenly felt like crying, felt like he would not see Shubman again, and he squeezed him a little harder to make sure the boy in his arms was real. He cleared his throat, and choked out a small "Let's get going," before picking up his bag and walking out, without looking back.

He knew he would want to stay here - where Shubman behaved as if he was his, where everything was alright - if he looked back even for a second.

Ishan had to be brave.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ishan was not brave.

On the plane, when he was finally alone, he let the tears flow. The love and adoration and longing he could see in Shubman's eyes at the airport had very nearly broke him. He knew Shubman had restrained himself from hugging Ishan as he was in public, but his eyes gave him away. Shubman looked haunted, as if the reality of separation was just dawning on him, and he looked like he was two seconds away from taking Ishan back home. Ishan, for his part, refused to acknowledge what all of it had meant, and was now bawling his eyes out on the secluded seating.

Why do I feel like it was the last time I was seeing him, he thought worriedly.

He would only understand it much, much later.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Mom, that's enough food - pet fatt jayega yaar."

"Pfft - you are thin as a bone. EAT."

"Mom, c'mon - I have to have a diet otherwise I won't be able to play next year."

"Look at Shubman - his mom feeds him paranthas every day and he still manages to run - tere hi khaane ke nakhre hai."

Ishan rolled his eyes, but could not help but feel stuck on Shubman's name.

It had been a month since he had been home, and nothing had changed, yet everything had.

Shubman called religiously, although Ishan did not always pick up, and when he did, it was always a short conversation about his health and family.

Shubman seemed happy just to know that Ishan was healthy and safe; he did not push Ishan into awkward conversations. Ishan thought he was making steady progress in forgetting Shubman, but his mind often wandered over to the dimpled boy every now and then, which seemed to irritate him to no end. Ishan was annoyed at how quickly he had grown dependent on Shubman, a habit he seemed insistent on breaking, which led to intense physiotherapy sessions and silence for days on end. He felt unmoored after spending so much time cooped up with the bane of his existence, and he just wanted to feel stable.

He was granted reprieve from his mom's mission to feed him when a video call stole his attention. It was his old buddies from MI, hoping to finally catch up with Ishan about all the ICT gossip. Ishan was happy to indulge; seeing his friends filled him with glee and he started regaling them with tales that were just a teeny tiny bit exaggerated.

He got a little subdued when Shubman's name came up, but the next bit was a punch to the gut.

"Did you hear, Shubi's apparently got a new chick on the block," this, from Tilak.

"Isn't Sara old news by now?"

"Nah bro, this is a new one - they were all hanging out during his ad shoot - even Shahneel was posting photos together."

Ishan had seen those photos - a pretty girl was talking to Shubman while Shahneel photobombed them; at the time, Ishan had presumed it was some director; now, he wasn't sure.

"Ishu, tu toh jigri hai, tujhe toh pata hi hoga?"

"Oh, I...no idea - mai toh yaha patient pada hu."

"Oh yea sorry bro; but Shubi ke kya hi kehne - so proud of that dude. He's going places, that Gill. ICT ka future captain, beautiful girls on his arms, and the media's going crazy predicting his future."

"And with the way he's blazing - he's sure to be the G.O.A.T, dude. Bas josh me aake hosh na kho baithe."

They all 'hmm'ed their agreement, and went back to talking about other things. Ishan only paid half attention, the rest of it on the information swirling inside his brain.

He was not an idiot to believe every rumor about Shubman; lord knows he was linked to hundreds of girls, but it still stung.

What worried him was something much worse - Shubman had a future that went beyond their relationship. What were they doing, jeopardizing it? Was he right? Was Shubman right all those months ago? Were they throwing away their futures?

Ishan's head swam - he didn't know what to think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman was ecstatic - he had a wedding in Delhi, which meant he could sneak off and visit Ishan over the weekend. He was booking his tickets while calling Ishan to give him the good news.

"Hi."

Ishan's 'hi' seemed subdued, but Shubman chalked that up to the day's exhaustion.

"Listen, my cousin's getting married next week, so I'll be in town for a quick visit. I know you like to give your excuses, but don't try to back out. I am informing you wayy in advance, otherwise I will have to bribe your parents. Don't think I won't–"

"Shubman."

Ishan had to do this - it was now or never.

"Shubman, I don't want you to visit. I have thought a lot, and you were right, all those months ago."

"Ish, what–"

"I don't want to see you. We have been through too much to ever go back - I don't WANT to go back. We're done."

Ishan was blubbering, but he knew that he had to end this now - now, when there was nothing growing between them, when Ishan could nurse his broken heart at a safe distance, when he could not bury himself in Shubman's arms, when he was not in danger of making a decision that could hurt them both in the future.

"Shut up, Ishan."

"No, listen to me! Whatever hopes you are keeping - don't. I've already been through hell - let's, let's just not."

Ishan cut the call just as sobs threatened to break through.

It was the right decision - this would allow Shubman to be free to spend his life wisely, without emotions clouding his judgment, it would allow Ishan to heal and make cricket his life, just how it was meant to be.

Then why did it feel like his heart was breaking in two, as if the world had ended?