Chapter 31: Forever
===================

This chapter is for Ishan Kishan: BCCI might not know your worth, but we do. We are proud of you.

Manifesting a better future for our chota patakha - hamari aankho ha tara.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"-she'll drag you by your ears. Tu sunn raha hai?"

No, Shubman was not listening to whatever Shahneel was saying, his attention only half on saying 'hmm' and 'yes' at the appropriate time.

The other half was stuck on Ishan, or rather, Ishan's words from a week ago.

We're done.

We're done.

We're done.

Shubman had been in a haze ever since then, the words not penetrating the thick fog in his mind. He was afraid of what would happen when they did - would he burn down the world? Or would he let himself be burned instead?

He'd given Shahneel the briefest version of what had happened, but even she had seemed scared of making him talk, lest the dam break and the flood destroy everything in its path.

A ping from his phone caught Shubman's attention - it was a notification of Ishan being tagged in a photo. Curious, he opened it, and found something that would melt even the coldest of hearts - Virat and Rohit were making bunny ears behind a sleepy Ishan, who seemed to have gathered at Virat's Delhi home by the looks of it.

Shubman saw red.

How dare he?

"Shubi, kiski baat kar raha hai?"

Apparently he had spoken out loud.

"Di - I am dying here, and he has the audacity to enjoy parties as if he had not broken my heart a minute ago. He wants a party? He'll get a party."

"Shubi-"

All she heard on the other end was the beeping of the call.

Shahneel knew her brother was a deeply emotional person; people seemed happy labeling him as shy just because he was private about his feelings. But this? This scared her. Shubman's voice seemed devoid of emotion, and all she felt from him was rage - unbridled rage, which meant Shubi was definitely going to do something catastrophic and explosive.

She quickly searched for the 'party' Shubi was talking about, and located Ishan at Virat's house in delhi. She booked a quick flight, and prayed that Shubi not get there before she did.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Virat was just about to start a movie, when the bell rang. He looked to Rohit, who sheepishly admitted,

"Uh, I ordered a pizza."

"Rohit yaar!"

"What - it's the perfect snack! Ishan agrees with me, don't you Ishan?"

They both looked over to where Ishan had transformed himself into a burrito - with blankets wrapped around him and a sleepy expression on his face.

Virat would get him 10 pizzas if Ishan would smile - just once.

He had asked Rohit to whisk him here by hook or crook - Ishan had seemed too quiet on his previous phone call. It was just the three of them, which was a perfect opportunity to get all of Ishan's cards on the table. Shubi, they would deal with when the time came. He had it all planned out - food, movies, and bonfire - a perfect setting for some heart-to-heart. But Ishan had seemed so utterly tired, that Virat had just wanted to bring a smile to his face - a plan that was failing spectacularly. Maybe a pizzawouldcheer him up.

The bell rang again.

Virat opened the door, revealing an angry Shubman at the door.

"Kaake how-"

"Where. Is. He."

"Where who-"

"Don't play with me bhai, I am not in the mood."

He pushed past Virat, only to come across a befuddled Rohit and a sleepy Ishan, who rose quickly at the sight of him.

Seeing Ishan all sleep-addled only added fuel to the fire inside of Shubman.

Meri neend uda kar shehzaade chain ki neend so rahe hai! Shubman gritted his teeth, not wanting to create a scene in front of an audience.

"Ishan - we need to talk."

"No."

"I am sorry, did I ask?"

"The answer is still no."

Virat and Rohit looked like the spectators at a tennis match - with no one willing to back down.

"Don't test my patience, Ishan."

"Ooh, big scary man - what will you do, you giraffe?"

Shubman's jaw twitched. In a second, he crossed the distance between Ishan and himself, and picked him up, fireman-style.

Ishan let out a strangled gasp.

"Put me down - right now!"

Incensed, he started pounding Shubman's back with his tiny fists, but they made no impact on Shubman, who started walking toward the terrace as if Ishan weighed nothing more than a sack of potatoes.

It was Rohit who broke the silence first.

"Um, shouldn't we go after them?"

"And do what? Maybe it's time they sort this shit - we are getting too old for this, Ro."

Before Rohit could respond, another doorbell rang.

"Benstokes ab kaun aa gaya?"

It was Shahneel, who looked like she had just ran a marathon.

"Virat bhai, is-"

"Yes, dramebaaz abhi Ishan ko upar leke gaya hai. Why didn't you stop him from coming here?"

"Does he ever listen? Anyway, he seemed furious on the call - I thought it better to calm him down in person. Why aren't you guys with them? Shubi is really mad, bhai - I am worried he might do or say something he might regret."

Virat looked at Rohit, who raised his eyes in a silent question.

Shaheneel rolled her eyes, and said,

"Tum dono aankh micholi baad me khelo, tell me WHERE HE IS!"

Virat and Rohit seemed to have come to a conclusion, as Virat just muttered a quick 'follow me', without waiting for the both of them.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I said - PUT ME DOWN!"

Shubman finally relented, once he had reached the secluded terrace. Any other time, he would have marveled at the view from above, remembered the countless nights he had spent here in the company of his team, laughing and making memories. As it was, his current view was a thousand times better, even if the view was the reason for his elevated blood pressure.

Ishan whirled on him the minute he was put down.

"How dare you pick me up? How dare you come here when I said I did not want to see you? Koi tameez hai ya nahi? Why don't you just leave me alone? WHY?"

"BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!"

"I DON'T!"

Ishan tried storming out, but Shubman caught him by his arms, and pulled him toward himself. He put both of Ishan's hands behind him, and caught them with one of his hands. The other, he used to trace Ishan's face.

"That would be believable, my precious, except you won't meet my eyes and your heart is beating so loudly I can hear it loud and clear."

He caught hold of Ishan's chin, and made him look up.

"Ishan, Ishu - I love you, and nothing you say or do is going to change that. I am sorry I was an idiot in the past, I made a horrible, terrible mistake letting you go - I will spend my life trying to atone for it - but mark my words, I am not going anywhere, and neither am I letting you go."

It only seemed to anger Ishan more, who replied,

"What happens when you meet someone else? Should I stand here and wait for you then? What happens when you want a normal life - a wife, kids, a picket fence? What will I be - your dirty secret? What will you tell the world? Should I wait for the day when you tell me all this is not worth it? I leave you alone for a month and you are shacking up with some girl on your photoshoot -"

"Who? What? Oh, Diljeet Di? That's my cousin, Ishu. You know I would never -"

"I know? Do I? Do I know you? I can't keep doing this Shubman! I can't go through this again and again and again! How will I ever trust you? How will I trust you won't leave? HOW?"

Virat, Rohit, and Shahneel stood still at the door, trying to look for a moment to pitch in.

Shahneel, in a bid to make Shubman calm, blurted,

"Shubi-"

A raised palm promptly shut her down.

Ishan's quiet sobs echoed in the dead silence, and when he started to turn away from Shubman, a hand snaked around his waist and brought him back into Shubman's arms.

"Wha-"

Ishan got no chance to complete his sentence, as Shubman, making sure Ishan's attention was on him, removed his family ring, and placed it right onto Ishan's ring finger.

Virat, Rohit, Shahneel, and Ishan stood gobsmacked, as Shubman brought Ishan's now ring-adorned hand to his lips, and placed a small kiss on his ring finger.

He turned Ishan's hand, and placed another kiss on his palm. Before anyone could utter a word, he turned around to where Virat's bonfire gear was scattered around. He lit the wood, which blazed white hot instantly.

Ishan did not know which blazed brighter - the bonfire or the fire in Shubman's eyes at he looked at Ishan. Ishan couldn't move if he tried - his legs seemed to have turned to jelly. He stood rooted to the spot, when Shubman quickly crossed the distance between them - and picked Ishan up.

He began taking a turn around the fire, his eyes blazing with so much love that even Virat, who always had something to say, stood still and watched everything unfold.

"I don't want to meet anyone else. I will never want another life - I promise to always be yours - in this life or the next."

"You will never be my secret - you are and will be my life and death. I promised to always hold you above the world."

"I promise to be with you - anyway and every way. In sickness and in health, in wins and losses, in love and anger - I will always hold you."

"I promise to cook for you, to care for you, to bear your jokes and encourage your nautanki - I promise I belong to you."

"I promise to be your family - you and me, and however many children you want - I promise to be your supporter, your #1 fan."

"I promise to always listen to you, especially when you are being unreasonable. I promise to cherish you, adore you, always and forever."

"I promise my loyalty, my fidelity, my love - only to you - and to take you as my husband, my partner for life - my Ishan."

Shubman slowly lowered Ishan to the ground, who had yet to say a word.

Shubman continued,

"I didn't know how else to make you trust me - I married you, here, in front of three of the most important people in my life - to show you that I mean it. You and me, we're forever. You can choose to walk away, you can choose to not believe in this marriage, but I will wait for you, till you believe that I am in this as much as you are. This is it for me, Ishan. You are it."

Shubman took a step toward Ishan, but Ishan turned and fled, so fast that no one could even put a hand to stop him.

That seemed to shatter the silence, after which Virat, waving at Rohit frantically, stated,

"Shubi toh full bollywood gaya yaar? Holy shit."

Rohit could do nothing but shake his head, wondering what the future held.