Chapter 32: Agony
=================

"Ishan, darwaaze pe dekh toh kaun aaya hai - it's always your deliveries nowadays!"

Ishan wanted to protest vehemently, but stopped once he realized his mother was right - he did get a lot of parcel deliveries.

He opened the door, blushed profusely when the delivery guy just handed him the parcel without even checking if it was the correct person - it was the same guy assigned to this area, and he had grown used to delivering here almost everyday.

Ishan went to his room, hobbling a little, a parcel tucked securely under his arms. The pain in his leg reminded him why it was there - his little running excursion that eventful night had cost him a lot of muscular pain. He sat on the bed gingerly, and took a shaky breath.

And looked down at his hand, where a silver ring sat atop his finger, glaring at him rather smugly.

Ishan glared back, then realized it was an inanimate object and facepalmed himself. He was going crazy, and....everything was not helping.

It had been three weeks since...it had happened, and Ishan still had not understood why he had not removed the ring.

Everytime he thought of removing it, a shiver ran through his body and the metal burned against his finger.

He had been so numb that night, that he had simply walked from the terrace to the guest room, and laid awake without a thought, waiting for his body to succumb to sleep. When he woke up in the morning, it was only Virat and Rohit who greeted him; not wanting to talk or answer any questions, he had left soon as well.

Now, days later, he was no closer to figuring out what to do than he was that night.

He felt like two people - one Ishan had been extremely calm about...it, as if the restlessness of months had finally calmed down, as if the pieces of his life had finally slid into position. He felt at peace, the storm raging inside of him - the one that constantly belittled him, asked him about his and Shubi's future - had finally subsided. He felt grounded, and the ring reminded him that there was someone (even if he had yet to admit it to himself) waiting for him, pledged to him, bound to him. If the ring didn't remind him, the gifts certainly did.

They started the day he was back from Delhi. It started as inconspicuous gifts at first - a watch, video games, sweets, but as days went by, they became more...personal. He woke up one day to find a heavy karha (bracelet) delivered to him, the next day, unique and customized shirts depicting stars and sunsets...just the way he liked them. There was even an exquisite pair of earrings sent to him, which he had yet to put on. There was no name (to avoid suspicion from his parents, he assumed), but he knew who sent them. His parents assumed he was ordering them for himself, and they just accepted the parcels with an eyeroll, but Ishan blushed more and more everytime he found himself with such tokens. Alarmingly, there was no note attached to them, or even a message or a call from the sender, as if he was perfectly happy just sending gifts, without needing a reciprocation in return.

The other Ishan, was honestly a nuisance. He glowed and blushed and turned beet red at the implication of what the gifts meant.

Your husband is wooing you, his mind supplied, to which he kept mum.

His husband.

His ears grew hotter at that, his hand automatically going to his(HIS!) ring, which he had taken to twirling absentmindedly everytime he thought about....him.

He was ashamed of himself for behaving as if....as if he was a newlywed, blushing and overwhelmed with everything. More than that, he was more ashamed at the carnal thoughts his mind had seemed fit to torture him with these past few days. He had woken up countless nights with a painful boner, trying to catch the last strand of dreams that had led to...it. He tried to exercise to tire his body out, but his mind seemed to derive pleasure from showing him images of Shubi under him, writhing in pleasure, his mouth muttering a constant litany of 'take you as my husband' and 'my love' as Ishan slid into him, over and over. Ishan was ashamed that he had somehow reverted back to the horny teenager he once was, except this time, Shubman seemed to have him putty in his hands without even doing anything. He felt restless, as if his emotions were too big for his body to contain them. He had given up on trying to exercise a modicum of restraint, and touched himself to completion with thoughts of Shubi.

His Shubi.

His....husband?

He shivered at the thought, and shook his head.

What was he doing? What was he supposed to feel? He knew there was so much to talk, so much to solve...and Shubman had taken a (rather large) step forward. It was his turn now. Shubman, for whatever his faults, Ishan knew - took marriage seriously - the look in his eyes had given it all away. He was serious to a fault, but what was Ishan to do now?

He had tried thinking, once or twice, but all it did was gave him a migraine, so today, when everyone was supposed to be out, he had decided to call the one person who would give him a straight answer - seedhi baat, no bakwas - Rohit bhai.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Ishan called Rohit that evening, Rohit seemed calmer than usual, as if he had anticipated this conversation a long time along. He didn't beat around the bush.

"Kya soch raha hai?"

Ishan paused for a minute, and tried to think how to frame his question. He finally settled on one.

"When-when you got married, did it feel any different?"

"Different? How do you mean?"

"I don't know how to explain it, bhai..."

Rohit sighed loudly, a clear sign that he was about to lose his thin shred of patience quickly.

"Alright, alright. Why don't you tell me how you are feeling, and then maybe I can help out?"

Ishan could roll with that.

"Did you feel...calmer somehow? As if everything....finally fit?"

Rohit chuckled, to which Ishan replied,

"I am serious bhai, aap has kyu rahe ho?"

Rohit gawffed at that, and said, "Welcome to married life, mere dynamite."

Ishan was more confused than ever; he said so, to which Rohit stated,

"It's...difficult to explain. When you get married to someone you love, you feel peace in your bones. It's like...coming home after a long tournament - a feeling of finally belonging, of finally having a partner in everything you do. It's like....when you are a kid and you're waiting for your parents to come pick you up. When you see them, your face just...glows. You're safe, you've been collected....it's a heady feeling, isn't it?"

Ishan didn't know how - but Rohit bhai had described the exact way he had been feeling - safe, secure. He didn't know when he started tearing up, but he brokenly answered,

"Ye-yeah, I get it."

When the silence stretched on for too long, Ishan thought as long as he had Rohit, he would ask whatever else had been weighing on his mind.

"So bhai I also have these strange dreams and I just feel so angsty all the time. I keep dreaming about him and grabbing him and–"

"Oh whoa whoa whoa whoa lover boy, TMI! I don't need to hear your horny ass reciting odes to Shubi. It's been a month since you have seen him - is it possible that you miss him? I mean, I would go crazy if I didn't see Ritika for a month after my wedding day, but that's just normal couples. I don't know what crazy shenanigans you both get upto."

Ishan fell silent.

Rohit, knowing he wasn't going to get a response, prodded,

"Ishu - do you know what you have to do?"

A quiet 'yes' was all he heard.

Ishan ran as fast as he could with an injured leg, gathering his things and leaving notes for his folks. He could feel the adrenaline kicking in, and he could not keep the smile off his face as he boarded an Uber.

First though, he had an important pitstop to make.