Chapter 33: Reunion
===================

Fuck BCCI.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"–sunta kyu nai hai? Hello? Hello?"

Shahneel was at the other end of the phone, trying to impart some common sense into her brother, who seemed to have been floating on clouds for the past few days.

"SHUBI!"

"Ha Di sunn raha hu."

Exasperated, Shahneel replied,

"Ullu de patthe, dhyan kaha hai tera - phirse patidev pe toh nai chala gaya?"

"Didi dheere bolo kisiko pata chal gaya toh?"

"Acha ji? Ye tab nai socha jab Ishan ko utha utha ke phere liye jaa rahe the?"

Shubman blushed despite himself. It was true, ever since that night, he had a hard time keeping himself from thinking about Ishan at every given moment. His daily life was fast becoming chaotic because of it, but he did not give a damn.

Like right now, for example - where Shahneel was scolding him because he was forgetting simple things like eating or sleeping.

Better to pay attention, Shubman thinks, lest Di take it upon herself to come down here and beat the crap out of him.

"Yes Di, I promise I will eat, and look, I am going to go to sleep right now. You worry too much."

"Ofcourse I am worried, you idiot. My otherwise calm and rational brother went and got himself married!"

Shubman rolled his eyes; he had been hearing variations of the same argument for days - Virat, Rohit, and Shahneel had reacted the same way - shock and awe, usually followed by a pitiful interrogation, to which Shubman replied monosyllabically and cut the call.

He was in no position to answer; Ishan had been silent, what was Shubman to do?

"–phirse dhyan fisla tera?"

"Nai Di, I am here."

Shahneel took a deep breathe. Brothers, she thought. Idiots.

"Shubi....koi khabar?"

The silence on the other end was all the answer she needed.

"Don't lose hope, brother mine."

"I know Di, don't worry. It's just....there's this growing itch in me now. I just want to see him once, or just hear his voice. I thought it was worse before, but now I feel like I am bound to go crazy sooner rather than later."

"I believe it's called the newlywed effect. I hope to experience it myself someday, hopefully before I go crazy worrying about you, so will you please take care of yourself?"

Shubman promised and laid his head down. Di was right, he did need to take care of himself. Well, that was a task for a 4-hour later Shubi, he thought, and fell asleep, dreaming of soulful eyes and gorgeous lips.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Ishan reached Shubman's house in Mumbai, he had to bribe his security with loads of sweets to let him go without announcing his presence. Luckily, they had known he was a regular visitor, so it was easy to convince them. His heart was in uproar, and Ishan was quite sure that the entire world could hear it. He adjusted his bag on his shoulders, and took the lift to Shubman's floor.

He had been nervous the entire flight - thoughts of what he would do once he came face-to-face with Shubi swirling in his mind. He thought of picking up his phone and letting him know that he was coming, but then thought better of it. He wanted to savor the look on Shubi's face when he finally arrived.

He walked up to Shubi's door, and knocked - twice, thrice - no response. Where was he? The security had said that he was home. Ishan rang the doorbell again, and just as he was about to give up, the door opened. A sleepy Shubman blinked the sleep off his eyes, but just rolled his eyes when he noticed Ishan.

What the fuck, Ishan's mind supplied astutely.

"Bas abhi sapne me aana band kar, aana hai toh reality me aa."

Oh.

Ohh.

Shubman thought he was dreaming.

Ishan laughed despite himself, and then a shaitaani thought entered his mind. He walked up to Shubman, and pinched him, hard.

Shubman cried out loud, but the pinch effectively woke him up, and he stared at Ishan hungrily.

"You–you–"

"Muh toh band karo uncle,"Ishan repeated, remembering the time Shubman had surprised him at his own house.

Shubman promptly shut his mouth, but the sparkle in his eyes was uncontained. They both kept staring at each other, unsure how to proceed.

Now that he was here, Ishan was suddenly shy, unsure of how to behave. It's time to step forward, he thought to himself.

"You didn't call."

"Huh?"

"You - did not call."

"I-I was giving you space."

"With what? All the gifts you–"

A sudden pain in his leg tamped down whatever he was about to say, and he groaned loudly. Shuman was on him in an instant, holding him by the waist and making him sit on the couch.

"Baby you okay? Why were you standing all this while? You took the lift right? Some water–"

Ishan stopped Shubman's rambling. He caught Shubman's hand in his.

"Just, just stay here for a bit."

Shubman dropped to his knees in front of Ishan, who was catching his breath from the sudden pain.

Shubman massaged Ishan's hand, while the other cradled his face; he kissed Ishan's forehead while murmuring encouragement.

A few minutes later, when the pain subsided, Ishan whispered,

"You didn't call."

Shubman let out a small laugh, and pressed their foreheads together. They stayed like that for a while, just breathing each other in, when Ishan broke the silence.

"I, uh...I have something for you."

He quickly retrieved a box from his pocket, holding it out for Shubman.

Shubman, not wanting to believe what he was seeing, blurted,

"Is that...Is–"

Ishan cut him off.

"Shubman Gill, will you make me a husband to the most adorable man on Earth?"

I must still be dreaming, Shubman thought hysterically.

Ishan, reading his thoughts, simply rolled his eyes and pinched him hard, once more.

"Aaargh!"

"You are not dreaming. C'mon, what are you waiting for?"

"For you to stop being annoying."

"You're going to wait a long time for that sweetheart."

Shubman smiled.

"Then its a good thing you are stuck with me forever, isn't it?"

He held out his hand, and Ishan swiftly put a ring on Shubman's finger, a twin to the one on his own.

Ishan looked up from Shubman's hand, and was almost blinded by the smile on Shubman's face. A few tears slide down Shubman's cheeks, and Ishan promptly wipes them away.

"Hey, no crying! I am not that bad of a choice, am I?" he asks, pouting a little.

"We are already married, it's not like I have a choice."

"Hey–"

But Shubman did not let Ishan complete his sentence; he pounced - Ishan is grabbed by the shoulders and shoved up against the couch headrest. Shubman pins him in place, breathing heavily, until Ishan lets out a faint whimper and Shubman dives in for a kiss.

Shubman kisses Ishan like a man possessed, his stubble scratching deliciously against Ishan's cheeks as Shubman licks into his mouth. A desperate need for Shubman burns through Ishan, and he plunders Shubman's mouth in return, rutting mindlessly against his hip.

When the need for breathing becomes absolute, Shubman lets Ishan up, but continues caressing his face.

"Is–is this okay?"

Ishan's heart breaks for Shubman; his Shubi, whom he had forbidden from touching him. He knew how agonizing it must be - well, not anymore. He places his hand on Shubman's cheeks, who leans into the touch.

"I've missed you, Shubi - a little too much. I thought I would go crazy. I know we still have a lot of things to talk about, a lot of stuff to figure out - but I don't want to do it alone. I want to spend my life with you. I love you, you have no idea how much. I am tired of living without you - I want you, all the time."

Shubman wiped the tears that threatened to fall from Ishan's eyes, and pressed a sweet kiss to his forehead. He intertwined their hands together, and kissed them.

"Together," he whispered. He laps at Ishan's ears, the cold metal and Shubman's tongue creating shivers on Ishan's flushed skin.

Shubman gets up unexpectedly, which earns him another whimper from Ishan, which is quickly replaced by a surprised squawk as he is lifted in the air, and carried to the bedroom. Shubman puts him down gently, but Ishan is in no mood to be separated from his husband.

He quickly pulls Shubman down and rolls over him, and drags his hand along the front of Shubman's pants. Shubman's eyes darken as he watches Ishan bite his lips while watching Shubman's tented pants, the outline of his cock clearly visible. Ishan bends down and mouths the bulge, when Shubam rolls him over and drapes himself over Ishan.

He traces Ishan's collarbone as it peeks out of his shirt with his fingers and watches as they travel to the top of Ishan's button to unbutton it. Ishan watches fondly as Shubman struggles to open the buttons.

"Why are you so buttoned up? Normally I have to tamp down the urge to punch someone as they ogle your naked chest, but for me you button up all the way to the top?"

Ishan simply giggled at that, but his giggles quickly turn into moans as Shubi starts leaving a trail of nibbles across his neck. He hears the sound of tearing and sees that Shubi has actually torn the shirt from his body. All the blood rushes south, and Ishan goes heady with the realization that his husband (HUSBAND!) is so impatient for him that he actually tore his shirt. He has no time to think about anything else as Shubman removes his own shirt hastily, which sends Ishan drooling. Shubman proceeds to tug his clothes down, revealing Ishan's cock already leaking. Shubman places light kisses to his ring on Ishan's hand, his stomach, his thighs, while Ishan tries to keep his hips still. Shubman looks up from his ministrations.

"Ishu, I–"

"What," rasps Ishan.

"May I touch you?" asked Shubman, a little hesitantly.

In response, Ishan simply yanks Shubman up by his hair, holds his face, and whispers,

"If you don't touch me this instant, I will do something crazy, like leave!"

"Acha ji, jaake dikhao?"

Ishan tried wriggling out, but Shubman pressed himself to Ishan in response, which earned him a groan.

He peppered sweet kisses on Ishan's face, lowering himself slowly, leaving a trail of bite marks across his body. Ishan can do nothing but writhe in ecstasy as Shubman inserts a lubed finger, and keeps going until Ishan is flush with pleasure.

"More," breathes Ishan, and Shubman obliges, inserts another, as Ishan continues chanting 'Shubi, Shubi' in whispered breaths. He adjusts himself, his boner now a painful reminder that he needs to feel Ishan against himself, now. He crookes his fingers inside, and Ishan keens, a voice that will forever be branded on Shubman's mind. He withdraws his finger, and is instantly pulled up and crushed against Ishan, who bites at his mouth.

"Baby, baby, please..."

"Ishu, what do you want?"

"I-I..."

"Words, my love."

"I want you inside me."

Shubman stills.

Then-

"Are you sure?"

The glare Ishan pins him with could melt ice, but Shubman knew how to take care of his husband.

He kisses Ishan once, puts on a condom, and slicks himself. He lines himself up and slowly pushes in, allowing Ishan to breathe. Ishan is hot and tight around him, and when he's sheathed all the way in, it chokes a moan out of the both of them. Shubman leans down to kiss him on instinct, and Ishan meets him halfway, his eyes hooded and pupils dark. Shubman pulls out a little and then slides back in, and continues moving faster. Ishan holds on for dear life, his nails digging tiny crescent marks in Shubman's shoulders. Shubman gets a hand on Ishan's cock, who looks like he is barely hold onto his sanity. Shubman picks up the pace, and Ishan's muscles clench as Shubman continues pumping, and he comes with a choked "Shub–", Shubman following suit as his body tenses and he sees stars for a second.

When he comes to, he notices that he's crushing Ishan, so he rolls on his side, only for Ishan to roll over him. Ishan bites at Shubman's chest lazily, while Shubman lays around in a dreamzy haze. Ishan looked up at Shubman through hooded eyes, to which Shubman simply pulled him up and would his arms around Ishan, tight.

"Thank you, Ishu. I was going crazy here."

Ishan simply smiled. Then–

"I love you, Shubi. I love you, and we are going to figure out everything, together. Just stay with me, okay? I want all your smile, your cuddles, your love, I want to hold you all the time, just– just stay with me?"

"Forever, my heart."