Chapter 34: Homecoming
======================

The finale - The journey comes to an end - I just wanted to thank everyone who read, commented, and liked the story. I loved reading your comments, thankful that I wasn't the only crazy one here, and laughed a lot.

Epilogue

The stadium was in an uproar - India was chasing a formidable score of 398 against the mighty kiwis. They were good, but the chasing player on the field was better. Jersey no 77, one Shubman Gill, breaker of records a.k.a. "The Prince", was batting at 46. The entire stadium waited with bated breath for the Prince to bestow his magic one last time - today, on his homeground, where he was announcing his retirement.

A six, and the stadium cheered for their beloved cricketer, who bowed before his fans one last time, and left the field walking through a raised bat salute by his entire team.

Shubman walked to the pavilion, with cheers from his teammates, pats and hugs from his mentors who came to send him off, and whistles from the young generation, who were busy celebrating their mentor. Shubman found himself misty eyed, but his eyes quickly found their sparkle when they turned toward a lone figure standing by the corridor. He threw his gloves aside,ran toward the figure, and crushed him to himself.

"Oof, you are heavy, my giraffe," grumbled Ishan, even as he enveloped Shubman in a tight hug.

"And you are adorable, my husband."

Shubman loved watching the blush creep across Ishan's face when he said things like that, and today was no different.

His husband.

He couldn't believe it.

12 years of being married, and he still was in love with Ishan as much as he was all those years ago.

12 years of nautanki and love and cuddles and kisses had come to this.

They both had a couple of grey on their forehead now, and were no longer young, wide eyed cricketers; they had braved a lot of storms, reached record highs - together, as promised.

Shubman still could scarcely believe this beautiful man had agreed to spend his life with Shubi, who still made mistakes, who still had trouble speaking his feelings, but he was not an idiot to share his fear, lest Ishan come to his senses.

"Still not getting rid of me, my love."

Shubman looked at Ishan in surprise.

"How even–"

"Ye ring aisehi nai pehni hai, jaanta hu tujhe."

What could Shubman do but hug his life, his love close to his chest once more.

Ishan had retired a year ago, with a big fanfare - he was beloved by all, and everyone had come to celebrate his career and life. Shubman had been nervous the entire time, but Ishan had made his decision, had earned smashing records - it was time.

Ishan had slept 48 hours after his announcement, after which Shubman had whisked him away on a much-needed holiday. He came to cheer Shubi at every game, nervously cheering him on, and blushing when Shubman tugged his earlobes in dedication everytime he scored well. Ishan wished they would have been allowed to be open about their love, their dedication to each other, but every sacrifice paled in comparison to Shubi's smile, his arms that awaited their beloved at the end of every day - Ishan would not give it up for anything.

"Acha? Ring pehni ya pehnaai maine?"

"Ha mere bollywood hero, tune hi pehnaai, khush?"

"And then some."

They both laughed at Shubi's comment - memories of their multiple weddings coming to mind.

After their impromptu wedding, they had gotten married officially - a year later. Shahneel and Virat had witnessed their union, a hush hush affair as they signed papers on a vacation abroad. Shubman still got misty eyed when he thought how Ishan had looked, glowing and mesmerizing as they spoke vows and promised forever, again.

But it was nothing compared to the grand but secret wedding they had at Virat's Delhi home, where their next chapter had begun. In white and pink, Shubman and Ishan had walked down the aisle with the ICT watching, a select few who had been in on the secret - a day of dance and festivities. The rituals and celebration had been nothing compared to the grooms, who shone in sherwanis, glowed during their haldi, and got misty eyed during speeches. The entire team had gone crazy with the ceremony, but the couple had still missed their parents at the wedding - they had to keep their relationship a secret from the most important people in their life, and it hurt.

A month before Shubman's retirement, they had finally confessed their relationship, which had culminated in fights, a lot of crying, and then absolute silence. They still walked on eggshells around their families, but promised that whatever may come, they would brave it together. Shubman's parents were here today, but they had kept their distance from Ishan. We will win them over, Shubman and Ishan had promised each other vehemently, but the distance still hurt.

"So...."

"So?"

"I have a surprise for you."

"Shubi, it's your retirement, I am supposed to have a surprise for you."

"You are all I need."

"Okay then maybe I won't give you my surprise."

Shubman pouted at that, which earned him a cheeky smile from Ishan.

"C'mon, tell me."

Shubman produced some papers from his bag, and handed them to Ishan.

Ishan looked at the papers, and then at Shubi.

"You bought Virat bhai's house?"

"Yep."

"Shubi!"

"Yes, my love?"

"Why did you do that?"

"Because that's where it all began - that's where we got married, twice. That place is sacred to me, so I bought it - for us."

Ishan could do nothing but give a watery smile to this absolutely idiotic sweet man he had married.

"You are an idiot."

"I love you too, baby."

Ishan wanted to hug Shubi again, but instead, he exclaimed,

"Ready for your surprise?"

Shubman's eyes sparkled as they looked over the papers Ishan had handed to him, while Ishan was busy awash in the glow of his beloved as understanding dawned on his face.

"We-we–"

"You okay, baby?"

"We got her?" Shubi exclaimed, his voice full of wonder.

"We have her, baby, we have her."

Ishan crushed Shubman in a tight hug, their emotions flowing through their eyes, as they tried to contain their happiness.

"Isha - our baby, she's ours. Ready to be a father, Shubi?"

"With you and Isha with me - always!"

Ishan knew Shubman would be a wonderful father - they had talked about it and finally registered for adoption - it was months of anticipation, during which Shubman neurotically read every book, every article, while Ishan got their house baby proofed for their newest addition. They had awaited their baby for so long, and she was finally here, as they began the next phase of their lives. Ishan could not wait, but before that -

"Press conference?"

"Yeah, it's time."

They had talked about Shubi's retirement announcement extensively, and had agreed that that's all he would talk about. They had been linked with lots of people in their career, even linked with each other, but all the people would get is to send off their favorite cricketer as he deserved - in glory. They would not hide their relationship any longer, but nor would they give explanations - it was their life, and they would see fit on how to live it.

Ishan gave Shubman one last squeeze, and watched him walk toward the stage, his head held high.

Ishan thanked the universe for bringing them together, and waited for Shubi - to come home.