Hello guys, Let's start introduction of our main characters of this story!!☺️...

Name :ShubhmanGillAge : 22 years oldIndian Cricketer

Introvert, love his personal space. Rarely shows expression.

Relationship status : Single

"You, yourself choose to come into my life and now i swear i'm not letting you go ever" -shubhman.

Name: Ishan kishanAge: 24 years old.Indian Cricketer

Extrovert, Moodmaker of indian team. Likes to smile alot, kind and have a soft nature.

Relationship status : Single

"I fall for someone i know i shouldn't. I tried my best to stop these feelings but just couldn't do it. Now i'm falling deeperdayby day.."- Ishan.

************************************

Note:

This whole story has no connection with reality, its just my imagination. And Other character will be introduced in story later.

Please stay tuned.

See you in next update.

This has no relation with reality like I said before and in thisffthey haven't met before. And this wholeffis taking place before world cup______________________________________

Author's POV••••••••••••••••••

Indian team is making a strong team to play world cup. They are collecting best players for worldcup. Now they only need on batter and their team will be complete.

Its 7 am , In living room of India team Apartment, whole team is gathered as their captain want to introduce someone to them. And they all can guess that it's probably their new team mate.

Soon, Everyone stand up as Rohit sharma with a young man walked inside living room with his suitcase.

" If i'm not wrong, then it's Shubhman gill right? The rising star batter..." Kl Rahul whispered to hardik pandya, who nodded in agreement.

Virat kohli shot them a look to keep quite and both of them immediately turn quite.

Rohit sharma walked to them with Shubhman gill walking beside him.

"Everyone... As you all have already guessed... He is our new team mate Shubhman gill...and from now on he will be living with us.." Rohit sharma said with a small smile.

Shubhman bowed his head at other players in a polite manner. One by one everyone introduced themselves to shubhman.

Virat kohli become happy when he got to know that Shubham see him as his role model. They tried to make conversation with their youngest, wanting to make him feel at ease.

Suddenly Rohit frowned a little when he realised something.

"What happened?" Virat asked when he noticed his frowned face.

"Where is Ishan?! " Rohit asked in confusion.

To which, virat just gave him a knowing look. Rohit eyes twitched when he understand virat's look meaning.

"Still asleep?" Rohit asked with a done face.

Virat chuckled before nodding his head.

"That boy!!...surya go wake him up and tell him to come here in 5 minutes.." Rohit said to Surya kumar yadav.

"Okay bhaiya..." By saying this surya left from there.

Their talks gain Shubhman's attention who was sitting on the couch silently. He stared at in direction where surya went to get Ishan. He don't know why but his heart is beating in a little fast pace.

It's like something is about to change in his life from today onwards, and he don't even know what.

Suddenly a loud shout and sound of running broke his train of thoughts. He stared at source of this chaos.

"Rohit bhaiya save me...ishu has gone mad.." Surya yelled while running here and there in living room.

And behind surya, a boy whose hight is little short and looks a little older than shubhman , chasing him with a jug of water.

" You are done once I catch you.." That short man shouted at surya while running behind him.

Shubhman became a little amused at other members unbothered expression, like they all are used to this.

"Ishan put that jug away right now" Rohit shouted at running boy.

"So this is Ishan..." Shubhman thought to himself while looking at the cute male.

Ishan immediately stop in his track and gave an innocent smile to Rohit, who had an "so done" expression on his face.

Ishan put the jug on the near table and went to virat and sit beside him.

"Why are always causing mischiefs huh?" Virat asked while smacking his head lightly.

"It's not my fault bhiaya...he started it first..see he dumped a glass of water on me while i was sleeping.." Ishan complained in a spoiled tone.

Only then shubhman noticed that Ishan's tshirt is slightly wet. While virat and rohit turn to glare at surya who immediately raised his both hand in surrender.

" I mean you can hardly blame me...all of us know how much of a heavy sleeper he is and rohit bhaiya said to get him in living room within 5 minutes... So that was the fastest mathod to wake him up..." Surya said while defending himself.

"Pfftt-" Shubhman couldn't able to control his laugh after hearing surya and ended cracking up.

Now everyone turn to look at chuckling man, only then Ishan noticed a new person. He frowned in confusion.

"Who is he rohit bhaiya?" He asked.

Shubhman almost chocked on his own spit when he heard ishan's question. I mean not bragging but still he is quite famous then how come this man don't know him?

While other members facepalmed in disbelief. They are really done with ishan's forgetful nature.

"He is shubhman gill. Don't tell me you don't know him? And now he is also a part of indian cricket team.." Hardik couldn't bear it and finally said.

"Ohh...that rising star batter...hehe i'm sorry I never focused on his face so yeah..." Ishan said while rubbing his neck in embarrassment.

Then he turn to look at Shubhman and forwarded his hand to greet him. Shubhman started at his hand then at ishan's face before shaking hands with him.

"He hands are soft unlike mine.." Shubhman couldn't help but compare mentally.

"Nice to meet you shubh.." Ishan said with a cute smile.

A small smile automatically appeared on Shubhman's face after seeing ishan's cute smile but no one noticed it.

"Nice to meet you too ishan but my name is shubhman not shubh,..." Shubhman pointed out.

"Nahh...i'm lazy to call you by your full name, so I will call you shubh only...if you mind then you can also call me ishu like other members.." Ishan said while half shrugging.

For some reason, Shubhman didn't like the idea of calling ishan by the same nickname which other member use.

"No need...i'm okay with ishan.." Shubhman said and he, himself don't know why his voice come out kind of cold.

"Oh..okay... Now can you leave my hand? You are holding it quite tightly" ishan said while pointing at their hands.

Shubhman looked at their hand and sure enough they are still holding hands, he immediately left ishan's hand. He didn't fail notice slight redness on ishan's hand.

"I'm sorry for holding your hand tightly.." Shubham apologized, clearly looking guilty.

Ishan immediately waved his hand in chill manner and said.

"It's okay no need to feel bad...i'm not made of glass...it's not hurting.." Ishan said softly well, he half lied actually it's hurting but not that much.

Shubhman looked a little hesitant to believe ishan but nevertheless nodded his head.

"Okay Everyone settle down... " Rohit said to everyone.

Everyone nodded and took their respective seat on the couch and ishan somehow ended up sitting beside Shubhman.

" So now let's talk about Shubhman's sleeping arrangement...we have space in only shreyas and Ishan's room...so with whom you want to share room?" Rohit asked to Shubhman.

"I'm okay with either of them...you can ask them.." Shubhman replied formally.

When ishan heard him, he frowned a little at his formal tone but didn't said anything as he will make sure help Shubhman in opening up with team later.

And to make it happen, they need to spend more time together. So thinking that ishan suddenly said.

"Bhaiya...shubh can shift with me in my room. It's quite boring to live alone..so let him stay in my room.."

Shubhman gave him a look but didn't said anything. Everyone present there seems to be agree with ishan.

"Okay then..it's decided shubhman will stay with ishan..And ishan go take him to your room and help him with unpacking..," Rohit said.

"Okay bhaiya... Shubh let's go.." By saying this ishan grabbed Shubhman's wrist and pulled him upstairs to show his room.

Shubhman felt something wierd when ishan grabbed his wrist but he choose to ignore it and continue to follow ishan while dragging his suitcase.

Shubhman really don't know why but he is having a wierd urge to know ishan more and he want to explore ishan's every side, layer by layer. He for the first time wants to know someone better.

"Enough with your curiosity,Shubhman. Get a grip...you are sounding like creep..." He scolded himself in mind.

************************************

Note:

Hello everyone, here is the first chapter of this story.

I really don't know if it's good or not, so please share your views on this chapter in comments.

Feel free to point out my grammatical mistakes.

See you in next chapter.

Author's POV**************

Ishan kishan opened the door of his room now their room, and both of them walked inside.

The room was big enough for two person to live comfortably. It has a big wardrobe and two single bed, which ishan joined to make it one as he was living alone. It also has a small couch with two beanbags.

But it would have looked more presentable if the whole wasn't a pure mess, with everything thrown here and there.

When shubhman saw the condition of the room, he couldn't help but turn to look at ishan, who gave him an awkward smile.

"Actually...as i left room in hurry today that's why it's like this..otherwise i'm a very neat person..you have to believe me.." Ishan lied to cover his embarrassment.

"Not good with lies...I see.." Shubhman comment in his mind.

"I believe you.." Shubhman let out calmly.

Ishan felt grateful for that and immediately start cleaning whole room, while Shubhman placed his suitcase on the joint bed and start unpacking.

After 1 hour, finally ishan was done with cleaning. He turn to look at shubhman who had already arranged his belonging in their wardrobe and drawers.

Shubhman sensed ishan's graze on him and looked up to meet ishan's eyes. Ishan gave him a cute smile which made shubhman turn away his head immediately.

"Shubh...help me with parting beds.." Ishan said while approaching bed.

"But why?" Shubhman asked slightly confused.

" Because you will find it uncomfortable to sleep on the same bed as me?" Ishan replied more like questioned.

"oh yeah.." By saying this he get up from bed.

And with in a minute, that joint bed was parted by them.

( Ishman's bedroom )

Shubhman stared at both beds with a unreadable expression.

Suddenly ishan's voice bring him out of his thoughts.

"I'm going to take shower...then we will go downstairs together for breakfast okay?" Ishan said while opening wardrobe.

"Okay..." Shubhman replied shortly before plugging earphones in his ear and start listening songs.

Ishan sighed a little at other's cold demeanour but no need to hurry they have lots of time to work on Shubhman's Introvert nature, with these thoughts ishan went to take shower.

Shubhman decided to call his mom and sister to assure them about him being comfortable here.

After few rings his sister picked the call and said.

"Hello shubhi.."

"Hi..Di how are you and where is mom?" Shubhman asked.

"I'm great..and mom see went out to something. Leave that, now tell me how was your first with your team mates? " his sister, shahneel asked excitedly.

"It was pretty good..all of them caring and fun to be around." Shubhman replied shortly while his mind wandered to a certain cute guy, who is showering right now.

"Cool..You are comfortable there right? " she asked clearly being aware of her brother's introvert nature.

"Hmm..I can adjust I guess.." He replied.

Suddenly sound of bathroom door opening caught his attention, he turn to look at ishan, and froze for a good minute. Without knowing he ended the call and let his eyes roam on ishan's white skin.

Suddenly a thought come into his mind. Did ishan come out like this infront of other members too?

He don't know why but he felt a burn in his heart at that mere thought, he subconsciously clenched his fist.

"Why did you come out like this?" Shubhman asked in a deep voice.

Ishan who was ready to wear his tshirt become a little startled when he heard his deep voice and then gave him a confuse look. Isn't it how he come out everyday? But then again before he used to live alone.

Maybe Shubhman is feeling uncomfortable?

"Sorry you must be feeling uncomfortable right?...I kind of forgot that now i have a roommate. Don't worry from next time I will be careful..." Ishan said sincerely.

" Hmm..okay" shubhman didn't deny his assumption. Not wanting to make it more complicated for himself.

Ishan gave him a soft pat on his shoulder while smiling, making Shubhman close his eyes for a second then opening them again. He just can't bring himself to look at ishan's bright smile directly.

Then ishan went to mirror to fix his hair while Shubhman just sit on the couch waiting for other.

Soon ishan got ready and said while laughing

"Let's go downstairs before virat bhaiya come with his bat to get us.."

Shubhman nodded and then both of them made their way downstairs. They walked to dinning table where everyone was already seated.

" You are late as always..." Shreyas said to ishan.

"Virat bhaiya see, shrey bhai is teasing me again..." Ishan whined while pouting.

Virat patted ishan's back and glared at shreyas who just shrugged before continuing his meal. Shubhman just stare at Ishan's pouting face before shaking his head.

"Okay enough...ishan and Shubhman eat you breakfast..." Rohit said sternly.

"Okay bhaiya..." Ishan replied and mentioned Shubhman to eat.

Then both of them start eating their breakfast with others. They peacefully eat their breakfast with a little bickering here and there between Ishan and members.

"He is chaotic like a kid.. " shubhman thought mentally and let out a low chuckle, not wanting to attract attention of other members.

But as Ishan was sitting just beside him, so he heard Shubhman chuckling at something, and being a curious fellow, he leaned a little to Shubhman's side to ask.

"I heard you chuckling...What so funny?" He asked in a hushed tone.

"You.." As a relex shubhman let out without even realising.

"huh?!" Ishan gave him a confused look.

Only then Shubhman realised what he just said and scold himself in mind.

Then he cleared his throat before replying coldly.

"Nothing... Your ears are playing tricks.."

By saying shubhman ignored ishan completely and focused on his meal.

"Rude ass.." Ishan mumbled while giving side glare to Shubhman.

After 15 minutes, all of them were done with breakfast ,now they are waiting for their captain to tell them today's schedule.

Rohit come back after attending a call and sit beside virat. He faced everyone.

"Okay guys...i just talk with our coach..and he said there is not practice today. So we all are free today.." Rohit said calmly but immediately hissed when everyone cheered loudly like some kids.

"Yess..how about we all go out to enjoy a little?" Jadeja suggested.

Everyone agreed with him and turn to look at their captain for approval. Rohit looked at little startle at sudden attention but acted cool.

"Sounds good i guess...but only if you all will behave like mature adult which you all are.." Rohit said, completely being aware of his team's craziness.

" We will..." Everyone sung in unison, making Rohit doubt their sanity.

"Will I able to survive with them today.?." Rohit couldn't help but feel sympathy for himself.

"Yes..yes..we are going out...I miss roaming around freely on mumbai streets.." Ishan jumped excitedly like a kid.

Shubhman's eyes turn soft when he looked at the jumping man. Within few hours, ishan has managed to make a soft corner in Shubhman's heart for himself.

Everyone  laughed at ishan's overexcitement fondly , no matter how much they tease ishan but no one can deny their fondness for ishan. After all no one can resist ishan kishan's cuteness and cheerfulness.

"Let's pack some snacks and drinks for ride..." Virat reminded them, as he know they aren't coming home before night.

"Virat is right.." Kl rahul said.

"Okay then...Pack some necessary items and then meet me at main gate..i'm going to talk with our bus driver..." Rohit said and left from there.

Ishan looked at shubhman with his sparkling eyes but frown a little at shubhman's expression less face.

"What happened..aren't you excited ?" Ishan asked.

"It's not like that...it just i don't like crowd.." Shubhman replied honestly.

"It's okay... Just stay by my side and I will handle everything.." Ishan said while patting Shubhman's shoulder.

"You will stay by my side?!" Shubhman asked for conformation.

Ishan chuckled at his question.

"Yes, I will always stay by your side..pinky promise.." Ishan said not focusing on his words much.

"Hmm.." Shubhman just hummed.

"Let's go..." Ishan said while dragging shubhman with his wrist to their room as they also have to prepare a small bag for this hangout.

"I will always stay by your side"

Ishan's words repeated in his mind like a broken tape. He looked at ishan's back as other is walking in front of him.

"Your words ishan..not mine. And I will make sure you never go back on your words.." Shubham thought while smirking and continue walking behind ishan.

Shubhman don't know what is happening with him as he sees this as just a mere curiosity to know shorter guy but only if he knew. While Ishan, he just want to help Shubhman open to team and become his friend.

______________________________________

Note:

Chapter two is here my dear readers.

Please read it and enjoy. Feel free to express your views on this chapter.

And just to clear things in this story:

Shubhman is top,and ishan is bottom.

See you soon in next chapter.

Author's POV**************

Everyone has already seated inside bus. They had decide to go to "Essel  world" And you can already guess that it was Ishan's suggestion.

Ishan keep looking outside from bus window with his sparkling eyes. He had a big smile on his face.

"Shubh...see weather is so good today.." Ishan said to Shubhman, who is sitting just next to him, busy with phone.

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed while keeping his eyes on his phone.

Ishan sighed and turn to look at shubhman. He snatched his phone, earing a "hey" of protest from shubhman.

"We are here to enjoy...Stop being so boring." Ishan huffed at him.

"Whatever... Give me back my phone. I hate when someone touch my belongings.." Shubhman said irritatedly and attempted to snatched his phone back but failed.

" Okay I will give you back your phone but first promise me that you won't use it and will enjoy with everyone" ishan stated, taking it as a opportunity to make shubhman comfortable with team.

" what if i refuse?" Shubhman asked while raising his eyebrow.

"Then forget your phone..." Ishan replied firmly.

Shubhman sighed in defeat and said.

"Fine...I will not use it, now give it back.."

Ishan immediately smiled and gave him back his phone. Shubhman as promised put his phone in pocket.

"Surya bhaiya...how about some music?" Ishan said while getting up from his seat, catching everyone's attention.

"Sure ishu...Bhojpuri song?" Surya asked already taking out a small speaker from his bag.

"No please.." Other shouted in unison.

"Yes..yes.." Ishan ignored their protests and yelled in excitement.

And with that, whole bus echoed with bhojpuri item song. Ishan get in middle of bus and start dancing crazily, soon surya, Shreyas and siraj joined him too.

Everyone start enjoying their crazy dance while laughing. Ishan then mentioned Shubhman to join too but Shubhman ignored him.

Ishan then went to him and forcefully dragged him to dance. Ishan then went back on showing his crazy moves on song. Shubhman just stand there and looked at him.

Virat and rohit start recording video of them dancing. After dancing for a while ishan got tired and went to back to his seat with shubhman doing the same.

"Here.." Shubhman said after taking out a water bottle from his bag to give it to Ishan.

Ishan gladly took it and drink it hungrily. Then he gave it back to Shubhman.

"Thankyou shubh.." Ishan said softly and leaned back on his seat before closing his eyes. He is feeling tired after dancing.....After 2 hours, the bus finally stopped at Essel world. Everyone start going down from bus.

Shubhman turn to look at ishan, who somehow ended up cuddling to his right hand with his head on Shubhman's shoulder.

Shubhman stared at his peaceful sleeping face. He raised his hand to remove some hairs which are falling on ishan's eyes but stop midway before taking his back.

"Isha-" hardik was about to call ishan but stop when Shubhman made a "shh" gesture.

Only then hardik noticed that ishan is sound asleep on Shubhman' shoulder.

" We are at entrance, meet us there after waking him up.." By saying this hardik also get down from bus.

Now only shubhman and ishan are in the bus. Shubhman didn't made any attempt to wake Ishan. He slowly took out his phone and angled his hand before clicking a selfie with sleeping ishan.

"I will tease him later about how he was hugging me in his sleep.." He thought.

Feeling satisfied with it, he then put his phone back in his pocket and decided to wake him up as he don't want others to wait more.

He start shaking Ishan gently, who just shift a little but continue to sleep. Shubhman sighed when he realise how right surya was about ishan being a heavy sleeper.

Suddenly a idea come into his head and he smirk before leaning close to Ishan's ear.

"ISHAN!!" Shubhman shouted in his ear loudly.

And with in a second, Ishan woke up looking startled. He looked here and there in panic.

"What happened? Earthquake or accident?" Ishan asked in full panic mode,with his unclear mind because of sleep.

Shubhman bit back a chuckled and slightly smacked Ishan's shoulder.

"Nothing happened you sleepy head..we have reached Essel world let's go..others are waiting at entrance"  Shubhman said, immediately left the bus.

Ishan hurriedly chased after him when he realise what other just did to wake him up.

"You!!..stop running. You almost gave me a heart attack.." Ishan shouted while running behind Shubhman.

Shubhman laughed at ishan and continue his marathon. Soon he saw his teammate waiting at gate for them. He run in their direction.

"Rahul bhaiya catch him for me..." Ishan shouted once he also reached there.

Kl rahul tried to catch Shubhman but other was fast. Ishan glared playfully at laughing Shubhman.

"Slowly Shubhman is coming out from his cell because of ishan..isn't it good?" Virat whispered to rohit while looking  laughing Shubhman and a pouty ishan.

"Yeah, it was right choice to let them share room.." Rohit uttered with a small smile.

Seeing Ishan's pouty face, Shubhman walked to him and placed his hand on his shorter males shoulder.

"Okay i'm sorry..now smile, you look ugly while pouting..." Shubhman said with a playful glint in his eyes.

"Shut up..I know i'm cute, but it's okay if you have bad eyes.." Ishan sassed  and rolled his eyes.

Shubhman gave him a amused look but didn't said anything.

" Can we go inside now please? " jadeja asked impatiently.

Everyone nodded and made their way inside Essel world....By the time they were done playing around in Essel world, it was already Evening. After a full day filled with laughter and joy, all of them get back on their bus, ready to go back to their apartment.

Everyone was tired, even shan was feeling damn tired after shouting his lungs out on rollarcoaster ride, that's why whole ride to their apartment was quite.

At 8 PM, bus stopped at their apartment, and everyone come down from bus, looking half dead because of tiredness.

"We don't have early practice tomorrow right?" Ishan asked looking hopefully at rohit.

"Yeah...Go and rest everyone" Rohit replied.

Everyone sighed in relief, one by one everyone start leaving to their room. Suddenly ishan leaned his body against shubhman.

Shubhman turn stiff but soon composed himself and look at ishan who was already looking him with tired eyes.

"I'm so tired shubh..please take me to our room..I can't even feel my legs.." Ishan said dramatically.

"You are tired and i'm not?" Shubhman asked in amusement.

"I don't know...i don't know please take me to room.." Ishan whined like kid.

"Dramatic fool.." Shubhman muttered before supporting Ishan's body by holding waist lightly.

"I'm cute I know.." Ishan said cheekily when he heard Shubhman's comment. And placed his head on Shubhman's shoulder.

"Shut up.." Shubhman hissed at him before dragging his body to their room.

With lots of difficulty Shubhman somehow managed to open the door of their room and walked inside with ishan.

Then Shubhman pulled ishan away before placing his bag on the couch. Ishan also placed his bag pack on this floor and directly went to bed.

"Aren't you going to change your clothes?" Shubhman asked staring at ishan who is now laying on bed like a starfish.

"Too tired for that..." Ishan replied in a lazy voice.

Shubhman just stare at him for a second before talking to wardrobe. He took a pair of tshirt and shorts before walking in bathroom to change.

Soon he come out, already changed. He went to his bed and subconsciously turn to look at ishan, who is already in a deep sleep.

He lay comfortably on his bed,still looking at ishan's sleeping figure.

"Must tired after jumping here and there whole day..." Shubhman muttered softly with a light chuckle.

He start feeling his eyelids going heavy. As tiredness of whole day kicked in,Without realising, shubhman also fall asleep. After all it was a lot for him on his first day in team.

______________________________________

Note:

Another chapter is here!!!

Please share your views on this chapter and let me know if i'm taking things too slow?

And one more thing, thisbookwill have atleast  30 chapters,it can increase in future.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

It's been a whole month, since shubhman has joined indian team and moved in with them.

In those 30 days, Many things changed. Shubhman now very comfortable with Team members. He start smiling. He start showing his emotions a little.

And most important thing, shubhman and ishan become bestfriend. They are totally inseparable now. And they always team up to tease members.

And all thanks of these changes goes to our one and only ishan kishan. He played huge role in breaking shubhman's walls.

And just as ishan has promised, he always stayed by Shubhman's side to help with everything....Right now, it's 5 A.M. shubhman slowly opened his eyes when his alarm ringed. He get up and turn off the alarm.

Then he walked to ishan's bed and slipped next to sleeping ishan before hugging the shorter male and hiding his face in ishan's neck.

"Ish....wakey wakey.." He mumbled against Ishan's neck while rubbing his nose against it.

Recently he had discovered the fastest way to wake ishan, and that's what he is doing right now.

Ishan's soft spot on his neck tickle when shubhman rubbed his nose against it. And that's why ishan tried to turn away as he still want to sleep more but shubhman held him firmly in place.

"Ish...we have morning practice today.. Wake up or eles rohit bhaiya will scold us.." Shubhman said in his morning voice, which is a little deeper that usual.

Ishan immediately felt a shiver run down his spine when he heard his deep voice. Then slowly he opened his eyes. And moved a little away from shubhman, this time shubhman didn't stop him.

"Fine... I'm up now happy?" Ishan said in sleepy voice while sitting up on the bed.

"Very much.." Shubhman replied with a smile and get up from Ishan's bed.

Ishan tsked irritatedly, well you can't blame him , he is not an early bird. he always get grumpy when someone disturb his sleep.

Shubhman chuckled at his annoyed face before making his way to bathroom to get fresh&up.

When he come out, he shake his head with a sigh at the sight Infront of his eyes, ishan is sleeping again while sitting on the bed.

Then he thought of something and said smirking,

"Ish..wake up this instant or I will kiss you.." Shubhman threatened him.

Ishan was not in deep sleep and he clearly heard Shubhman's threat but ignored him. It's not like shubhman will do it in real.

"Still not waking up? You left me with no other choice.."

By saying this shubhman start leaning close to Ishan's face. Ishan's body immediately tensed when he felt Shubhman's hot breath on his face.

Shubhman smirked slightly when he saw Ishan's cheeks turning little pink but still he didn't stop leaning. Just when he was only few inches away from Ishan's face, ishan hurriedly opened his eyes.

"I'M UP...I'M UP!!.." Ishan shouted in panic and pushed him away with full force.

Shubhman stumbled a little at sudden push but quickly balanced himself before throwing a amused smirk at a very flustered ishan.

"Aww...is my ish feeling shy?" He teased, Clearly enjoying it.

"W-what..no..who's is shy? I'm not.." Ishan defended himself while stuttering.

But his flushed cheeks and adorable stuttering betrayed his words.

"Sure..I believe you.." Shubhman replied clearly not believing ishan's single word.

" Now move i need to use bathroom.." By saying this ishan hurriedly went inside bathroom and locked the door.

He walked infront of mirror and stared at his reflection in mirror. He touched his cheeks which are feeling a little hot.

"Why the hell i'm blushing?!" Ishan muttered in disbelief.

He always get flustered whenever shubhman tease him like earlier. He don't even know why. Something is definitely wrong with his head.

"Maybe i'm going crazy because of sleeping too much.." He said trying to find reason behind this sudden change in him.

As he was busy in shorting out his complicated thoughts, suddenly a knock on bathroom door catch his attention.

"Are you still alive inside?" Shubhman's voice come from other side of door.

"Ofcourse i am..you giant!!" Ishan shouted back irritatedly.

He heard Shubhman laughing and smiled a little. Who will say that this is the same Shubhman who used to stay always quite and expressionless?.

After 10 minutes, ishan was also done with bathroom and went out.

"Let's go.." Shubhman said while grabbing his cricket kit.

Ishan nodded and also picked his cricket kit before following Shubhman out.....In practice ground, all the team members are standing in a line while their couch instructed them about their practice.

" Make pair of two,containing one batter and one bowler and help each other in practising... And no playing around..Understand? " their coach said last sentence while looking at ishan.

"Yes..coach.." Everyone shouted in unison.

"Good...rohit monitor them once you are done with your practice.." Coach said.

"Okay.." Rohit replied respectfully.

Their coach nodded and left the ground. Everyone stared at each other and start making pairs. Shubhman's face was gloomy because he couldn't pair with ishan now. While Ishan was also feeling a little bad about it.

Pairs for practice are :

Ishan x sirajShubhman x jadejaRohit x SamiVirat x kuldeepKl rahul x hardikSurya x yuziShreyas x jasprit

"Okay guys let's start.." Rohit shouted.

And with that everyone begin their practice with their partner and become busy with practice.

"Focus Shubhman!!" Jadeja couldn't help but sigh for the nth time. As Shubhman keep missing the ball as if he is not mentally not there.

It's been 30 minutes since they are practicing but shubhman keep zoning out.

"What happened ? Are you not feeling well?" Jadeja asked Shubhman feeling concerned.

"I'm okay bhaiya...just a little tired I guess.." Shubhman replied while keeping his head low.

Shubhman felt guilty, he is feeling lonely without ishan. It's first time that ishan is not beside him while practising.

He just couldn't bring himself to focus on the practice without ishan. He hate it. He hate how easily he get distracted, it wasn't suppose to be like this.

A little away from them, Ishan seems to notice this too, who is also practising with siraj. He frowned in concern.

"He always stay attentive during practice then what happen today? Is everything okay with shubh?" Ishan thought worriedly.

And as he was staring in shubhman's direction he didn't saw the ball coming in his way.

"Ishu!! Watch out.." Siraj shouted.

Hearing his shout, Ishan immediately jumped on side to avoid the ball but it still hit him on the waist with force making him groan in pain while laying on ground.

"ISHAN!!" Shubhman screamed while dropping his bat and run towards ishan.

Other team members also come running to Ishan worriedly. Shubhman immediately kneeled on the ground and took Ishan's head in his lap.

"Ish..are you okay?" Shubhman asked looking dead worried. He had a painful look on his face as if he was the one getting hit by ball.

"Ofcourse i'm okay... haha..ahhh" ishan laughed to erase his worry but ended up hissing his pain.

"Shh...stop talking please.." Shubhman pleaded worriedly. Not wanting ishan to be in more pain.

"Rohit hurry and call doctor..." Virat said to rohit, who immediately take out his phone to call doctor.

"I'm so sorry ishu...it's all my fault.." Siraj apologized feeling guilty.

"It wasn't your fault bhai but mine. I should have stayed focused..." Ishan immediately replied.

"Let's take him back to his room.." Hardik suggested.

Shubhman nodded and immediately lifted ishan in bridal style, who let out a surprised gasp.

"Shubh...i can walk, no need to carry me like this.." Ishan said feeling embarrassed.

He is a grown up man for god sake. Why Shubhman is carrying him like some fragile girl? So damn embarrassing!!

"Shut up..and hold me tightly.." Shubhman said sternly while glaring at the male in his hold.

Ishan, who met by Shubhman's glare immediately zipped his mouth and circled his arms around Shubhman's neck, holding him tightly.  And then put his head against Shubhman's chest to make himself more comfortable.

Shubhman hurriedly made his way to their apartment but being careful with not touching Ishan's bruised waist.

Soon they reached infront their shared room with other members following them closely. All of them were worried for their group's sunshine.

Surya opened the door of the room and mention Shubhman to go inside. Shubhman walked to his bed and made ishan lay carefully on it.

"Where is doctor virat bhaiya?" Shubhman asked impatiently.

Before virat could reply, rohit entered the room with Doctor.

"Please doctor take a look at him.." Rohit said while pointing at ishan.

Everyone moved except Shubhman aside to let doctor check ishan. Doctor lifted his jersey a little to see the wound.

Shubhman let out a startle gasp when he looked at big purple bruise on ishan's waist. It's looking so painfully. A lone tear fell from his eyes, which he hurriedly wiped without letting anyone notice it.

When he look at ishan's pained expression and that bruise on his waist, he felt a strong urge to burn the reason of his pain alive.

If only the cause of ishan's pain was not his team mate, if only it wasn't siraj bhai.

He know it's not wholly siraj's fault but Still shubhman couldn't help but glare at siraj darkly.  Siraj felt his stare and turn to look at him but immediately shuddered in fear when he looked into shubhman's dark angry eyes.

"If looks could kill ,I would have dead by now..."Siraj couldn't help but thought mentally. Before passing a awkward look at shubhman.

Shubhman was busy shooting draggers at poor siraj, then suddenly ishan screamed in pain. He immediately approached ishan.

"Can't you be a little gentle?! He is in pain dammit.." Shubhman said angrily to doctor while glaring at him.

Everyone become surprise at his aggressive behaviour but they really can't blame him, after all he is closest to ishan.

That doctor also seems professional and didn't take any offend.

"Shubhman come here and let doctor do his work..." Hardik said calmly.

"But-" Shubhman started but rohit cut him.

"Not buts, listen to hardik.." Rohit said firmly, leaving no room for argument.

Shubhman couldn't disobey rohit, that's why with a unwilling heart, he went to side and stand with other team members.

While looking at doctor treating Ishan's wound, there was only one question running in his mind.

"When did you become this important to me ish? Why the hell i want to destroy everything that cause you pain?"

______________________________________

Note :

Here is another update!!

Let me know your views on this chapter in comments.

Please don't forget to vote if you like the chapter.

See yousoon

Author's POV**************

Doctor has left few hours ago after giving some painkiller and ointment to ishan. Everyone stood in silence in ishan's room.

Finally ishan couldn't take this silence and decided to break it.

"I'm fine guys...you all can go back to your practice.."

"Shut up!!" Everyone shouted in unison, making ishan shut his mouth immediately.

"Shubhman you stay with him..and make sure he remain laying on the bed.." Virat said and earned a nod from shubhman.

"Listen everyone he need some rest...let's go outside..." Rahul tried to reason with his worried team.

"I was also saying the same...then why did you all shut me up?" Ishan pouted, clearly whining.

Everyone clearly heard his complaining tone but choose to ignore it and one by one left the room.

Now it's only Shubhman and ishan in their room. Shubhman slowly walked to his bed where ishan is laying and sit on it while facing ishan.

"Can't you be a little more careful while practising huh? You almost gave me heart attack when i saw you laying on ground while groaning in pain..." Shubhman gently scolded him.

"It's not like I did it intentionally...i was worried about you...that's I didn't saw the ball.." Ishan huffed irritatedly.

"Worried about me? Why?" Shubhman asked confusingly.

"Ofcourse because you weren't focused while practicing.i was worried that something is bothering you.." Ishan replied

Shubhman didn't know he should feel happy or guilty after hearing Ishan's reply. So at the end he choose to stay silent and reached for the medicine package.

Ishan didn't like the frown on Shubhman's face as if Shubhman is still angry at him. He hate making other worried because of himself.

"Fine,i'm sorry shubh...I will be more careful about my surroundings from next time..now please smile..I hate seeing your frowned face.." Ishan said in a baby voice and gently held Shubhman's left hand.

Shubhman stared at him before giving him a small smile, which clearly looked forced but ishan decided to not point it out and smiled widely at shubhman. and left his hand.

Shubhman took a ointment and lifted Ishan's jersey a little to make bruise visible to his eyes.

Ishan noticed how Shubhman's hand is shaking when he stared at his purple bruise.

"Don't look shubh...it's ugly. I can apply ointment on it by my own..you don't need to do that..." Ishan said and tried to took ointment from shubhman's hand but other didn't let him.

"Its not ugly ish..nothing is ugly about you. So stop talking nonsense. Now lay down quietly and let me do my work.." Shubhman replied firmly, feeling slightly angry at ishan for looking down on himself.

Ishan felt something funny in his tummy  when shubhman said that but he didn't pay any mind to it and nodded his head.

Shubhman then focused back on the bruise and took out some ointment on his finger. Then he start applying it on ishan's bruise.

Ishan shudder a little when shubhman's cold fingers touched his bare waist, making him close his eyes. Shubhman gently applied ointment on ishan's bruise with right hand while his other hand keep shaking.

"Ahh.." Suddenly ishan yelped in pain when shubhman pressed a little hard on this bruise.

"I'm sorry ish... I'm so sorry...is it paining a lot?!" Shubhman exclaimed anxiously when he saw Ishan's teary eyes.

"N-no...just be a little gentle.." Ishan replied not wanting other to feel worried.

Shubhman lifted his left hand caressed Ishan's cheeks while gently wiping his tear. Ishan subconsciously leaned to Shubhman's touch, seeking  comfort from pain.

"I hate tears in your eyes, ish. Only smile look best on your face.." Shubhman muttered softly.

Ishan opened his eyes and stared in Shubhman's deep brown eyes and felt himself sinking in it but soon composed himself and turned his face other side.

Shubhman left his face and put the ointment back on the nightstand. When he was about cover Ishan's wound with tshirt, he suddenly stopped and stare at it as if thinking about something.

Then as if something suddenly possessed Shubhman, he bent down a little and placed a tender kiss near Ishan's bruise on waist.

Ishan let out a gasp of surprise when he felt Shubhman's soft lips on his waist and stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

"W-why did you do that?" Ishan asked while stuttering, his cheeks start hearing up again while his heart start beating in a fast pace.

A look of realisation flashed in Shubhman's eyes, like he just woke up from dream.

"Fuck..what the hell i just did?!" Shubhman cursed himself mentally.

He tried to run the wheels of his brain to think a believable lie, because he himself don't know why he did that.

"It was a get well soon kiss...why are you looking so surprised? It's common in friends..." Shubhman start spouting whatever nonsense come into his mind.

"then why did it felt so intimate? Or I was just hallucinating?" Ofcourse Ishan wouldn't ask these questions aloud.

"Oh..i mean yeah. I just didnt knew that you also believe these type of things.. That's why i was surprised nothing else.." Ishan also said nervously in a defensive manner, but somewhere in his heart, he felt a little disappointed.

"God..i'm going nuts. He is my bestfriend for god sakes. Why i'm behaving like my crush just friend zoned me? You clearly need psychiatrist ishan..." Ishan scolded his stupid self mentally.

Ishan's thoughts come to an end when he heard Shubhman saying something.

"What?" Ishan asked as he didn't heard him clearly.

"Welcome to earth my dear ish...i was saying that you should get some sleep...you will feel a lot better after waking up.." Shubhman said and look at the clock it's 4 pm right now.

"Hmm.." Ishan hummed and obediently closed his eyes to get some sleep.

Shubhman start caressed his hair softly and ishan immediately felt himself getting relaxed and slowly fall into slumber.

Shubhman smiled and kissed his forehead softly, this time being fully aware about his action. Somehow it felt so right to him. Then he get up from bed and with slow steps exited the room....Shubhman went downstairs. He frowned when he saw everyone sitting in living room.

"You guys didn't continue your practice?" Shubhman asked while making his way to others.

"How can we practice when our dynamo is laying there in pain?" Surya said while others nodded in agreement.

Shubhman smiled at their caring nature. After all they are family not just team. And Ishan is loved by everyone.

"How's he now?" Rohit asked.

"He is sleeping bhaiya.." Shubhman replied and sit beside shreyas.

"Good.." Rohit nodded.

"Guys any special plans for 18 july?! I mean we have penalty of time to prepare without any fear of getting caught by ishan..." Suddenly hardik said gaining everyone's attention.

"It's already 16 july? We don't have much time.." Rahul exclaimed while looking at today's date in his phone.

And with that, everyone start discussing about god knows what.

Shubhman stared at everyone panicking, completely being unaware about all reason behind it.

"Umm..guys, what so special about 18 july?"  Finally Shubhman asked.

As his words fall, whole living room turn quite. And everyone stared at shubhman as if he had grown two heads.

All of them had "are you dumb?" Kind of look on their faces.

"What?" Shubhman asked.

"Are you really Ishan's bestfriend?" Surya blurt out in disbelief.

To which, Shubhman nodded his head dumbly clearly confused about the current situation.

Finally virat couldn't able to bear that dumb look on his youngest member and said,

"It's Ishan's birthday on 18 july.."

Shubhman, become a little shock about the given information. Why he don't know about it? But then again he never asked ishan. Now he is feeling bad, for being such a bad friend.

"It's okay...no need to feel bad. I can bet my life that even Ishan, himself doesn't remember his birthday..." Jadeja said when noticed Shubhman's gloomy face.

Everyone chuckled at jadeja's comment but no one denied, after all they are totally aware about Ishan's forgetful nature.

"I'm going out...will be back before 8 P.M.." Suddenly Shubhman said while getting up from couch.

"But where-" Rohit tried to ask but shubhman already run outside like someone was after him to murder him.

Rohit couldn't help but shake his head at his antics....

"Remind me again why i'm here with you?" A man in his early twenties asked boringly.

"Quite whining Abhi...and help me select a gift for my ish.." Shubhman said irritatedly.

Right now Shubhman is in mall with his close friend, abhishek. They are here for atleast 2 hours now but  nothing seems to catch Shubhman's interest.

"Bro...how about gifting him a bat? I'm mean for a cricketer, bat is so special.." Abhishek tried again. He is really feeling tired after roaming about in mall for 2 Freaking hours.

"It's too common..I want to gift him something special, something that he can always carry with himself, something that will always remind him of me.." Shubhman said.

Hearing his words, abhishek couldn't help and blurt out his inner thoughts,

"Are you sure he is just your friend?"

Upon hearing abhishek's question shubhman turn around with a swift moment and glared fiercely at him.

Abhishek immediately raised his hands in surrender when he met by Shubhman's glaring eyes.

"Kidding bro, Lets find gift for ish.." Abhishek hurriedly said. Not noticing how he just call ishan "ish" but shubhman did and he didn't Fucking like it, not even a bit.

"Don't you dare call him " ish". Its Ishan for you got it?" Shubhman growled, not noticing how much possessive he was sounding.

Abhishek was frightened will be an understandment. he had never seen Shubhman react like this, that too over a nickname but still he apologized.

"I'm sorry..my tongue slipped.now please let's go.."

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed while narrowing his eyes at him.

Then both of them again started their journey of finding a gift for ishan. After spending one more hour, something finally caught Shubhman's intrest.

A silver pendant, so simple yet so ishan type. Shubhman immediately brought that without any second thought, already imagining how good it will look on ishan.

"Finally it's done..." Abhishek sighed in relief but next moment frowned when he saw Shubhman going towards cloth section.

"Shubhman exit is on opposite side.." Abhishek reminded him.

"Who said i'm going to exit? I need to buy some clothes for ish, then a pai of shoes too...come hurry.." Shubhman replied and without waiting for him, he walked in cloths section.

Abhishek stare dumbfoundly at shubhman's fading figure.He felt like crying without tears. After few seconds , he immediately followed Shubhman once his come back to his senses.

"This is clearly not a "only friends" behaviour. This is what we call spoiling our Lover!!!..." Abhishek howled in his heart while running behind Shubhman.

______________________________________

Note:

Chapter 5 is here. And I also Introduced new character.

I tried by best to write it with correct emotions and words. I hope it's not boring.

Let me know if this chapter was enough good or not, in comments.

See you soon.

Author's POV**************

A black car was driving at full speed on a empty road of mumbai. Then suddenly with abrupt break, the car came to a halt, screeching and leaving tire print on road.

Shubhman's body jerked forward because of force break. He breathe heavily while gripping the steering wheel tightly.

He put his forehead against steering wheel while looking down.

"Are you sure he is just your friend?"

Abhishek's question echoed in his mind once again for nth time. He closed his eyes in frustration.

"Damn you abhi for putting nonsense in my mind..." Shubhman cursed his friend while hitting his forehead against steering wheel continuously.

Since the moment he left mall, after buying lots of things for ishan, abhishek's question has been haunting him.

He never believed that one single question can mess with his heart and mind this bad, until now.

Shubhman closed his eyes to calm down but instantly opened them in next second, when Ishan's blushing face from today's morning flashed before his eyes.

"Thoseblushycheeks looks so good on him..it makes his look more pretty.." Shubhman couldn't help but thought with a fond look on his face.

But his frowned when his mind again wandered to abhishek's stupid question.

Do i like ishan in romantic way?

No, stop Shubhman. Abhi was just spouting nonsense. He is not someone to take seriously.

Shubhman shake his head to get rid of these thoughts. As he was about to start his car, his phone ringed.

He immediately received the call when he saw it's Virat.

"Hello virat bhaiya.." Shubhman said.

"Don't hello me Shubhman... Where are you? It's already 8 P.M," Virat inquired.

"Sorry bhaiya..i'm on my way back to home, I will there in 10 minutes. Sorry for making you worried.." Shubhman replied.

"Fine...see you at home.." By saying this virat ended the call.

Shubhman sighed and placed his phone on dashboard of car before starting the engine of his car and driving straight to apartment.....Shubhman entered living room, he saw rohit and virat talking about something. He prepared himself for questions of virat and rohit bhaiya.

Thankfully he had left all the shopping bags in his car, as he don't want to others to question him more.

"Where are others?" Shubhman asked while referring to other members.

"Oh you are finally back..they are in shreyas room discussing about Ishan's surprise birthday party.." Virat replied once he noticed Shubhman's presence.

Shubhman nodded in acknowledgement and sit on the couch.

"By the way where were you? You just left in hurry without informing us.." Rohit asked while glancing at shubhman.

"Actually... My old friend suddenly wanted to meet me..so I left in hurry." Shubhman lied, ofcourse he won't tell them that he went to buy gifts for ishan, after all it's a surprise.

"Umm..but next time inform us before going anywhere, we would feel at ease that you are safe.." Rohit said coldly but shubhman knows that other is just worried for him.

"I will bhaiya.." Shubhman replied obediently.

"Shubhman ishan haven't eaten anything...take dinner for him and make him eat it and then give him medicine..." Virat reminded shubhman.

"What?! Don't tell me he is still asleep?" Shubhman exclaimed while getting up from couch.

"Yeah..I knocked on his door but he didn't open..." Virat replied with sigh.

Shubhman went to kitchen and filled the plate with fruits and light food and hurriedly went upstairs.

He took out spare key from his left pant pocket and opened the door. Then he turn on the lights of room.

Shubhman placed the food plate on small table in room and went to bed to wake ishan up.

But he frowned when he saw ishan shivering. He hurriedly sit on the bed and touched ishan's forehead. Sure enough, other is shivering in fever, probably because of cold.

"Ish, wake up..you have fever..wake up" Shubhman gently tapped on his cheeks to wake him up.

"C-cold...so cold.." Ishan mumbled in sleep.

"Shit..I need to wake him up fast.." Shubhman muttered and start shaking ishan more.

After few minutes, ishan finally woke up and slowly opened his eyes. Shubhman sighed in relief. He took Ishan's hand and start rubbing them to provide some warmness to ishan.

"Shubh..i'm feeling so cold, my head is  spinning " ishan said while crying. He is feeling so sensitive because of fever.

"You have high fever ish " Shubhman said worriedly. And wiped his tears.

Shubhman took plate of food and pick a small piece of apple to feed ishan it's necessary or else ishan won't able to take medicine.

"Ish please eat a little..then take medicine. You will feel better..." Shubhman said.

"Don't wanna.." Ishan said weakly and turn his face other way.

"Baby...you need to eat or else medicine will harm you.." Shubhman tried to coax ishan, he didn't pay any mind to the nickname which just slipped from his lips.

Unwilling ishan eat that small piece of apple. Shubhman took a sigh of relief and gave him medicine to ishan who slowly eat it.

Shubhman put the plate of food and glass of water away and covered ishan with blanket. Ishan hugged blanket tightly and closed his eyes to sleep.

But even after 30 minutes, Ishan's fever didn't went down, making Shubhman worried to his core. Ishan keep shivering, even after being covered in thick blanket.

Shubhman took ishan's feet in his lap and start rubbing them but it seems like nothing was working.

"Why is he still shivering? Why is the medicine not working?I have done all I can but he is still so cold.."Shubhman thought, stressed.

Suddenly something come into his mind and his face darkened...but now he don't have any other choice, slowly his hands moved to his shirt, and with in a second Shubhman stood bare Chested infront of bed.

He slowly lifted blanket from Ishan's body and with gentle hands he took off Ishan's tshirt. Then he slipped next to shivering male.

"You will be warm in no time ish..after waking up you can yell at me all you want. I'm sorry ish..I know i don't have right to touch you this intimately, especially when my conscience is not clear because of that stupid question... But i'm doing it for you..hope you will forgive me.."Shubhman thought while, staring at ishan's pale face.

With these thoughts, Shubhman put his left hand under ishan's head and pulled him close to his chest by other hand. Ishan's hands were trapped between their body. Shubhman gently placed Ishan's face in his crook of neck while putting his own face in ishan's shoulder bled.

( something like this but magine them laying on bed next to each other but in this same position )

Shubhman's breathe fanned over ishan's shoulder. He can smell an unknown but alluring fragrance from Ishan's body.

"This is him..this is how he smells.Its just like him, beautiful and fresh..."Shubhman thought while bringing their bodies impossibly close.

He hold Ishan securely in his embrace. It's not like they have never hugged before but something about this hug is so Electrifying, that it somehow left Shubhman breathless.

Belatedly He noticed how his breath become ragged and laboured while his heart going crazy inside his chest.

"I hope ish doesn't hear it.." He prayed to god.

He tried to distract himself but just couldn't do it, because no matter where his mind wandered it always stop at the same male, who is right now in his arms.

Just like that Shubhman realised how his mind and heart is filled with thoughts his bestfriend. He look at ishan. their body contact had the desired result. Ishan almost stop shivering because of their body heat. Shubhman' mind finally relaxed a little.

Shubhman took Ishan's one hand and put it around his neck and pressed their body together. Ishan immediately snuggled more to the source of warmth in his subconscious mind.

Shubhman let his hands travel south and placed it on ishan's lower back. He start drawing gentle circles on other's back.

"Tell me ish...why i'm feeling this? What have you done to me?! Or i'm just going insane?..." Shubhman mumbled softly.

"Hmm.." Suddenly ishan let out a hum which sounded more like moan, right next to Shubhman's ear.

Shubhman stopped breathing for a second, his whole body jolt when he hear that sweet yet seductive sound. But he composed himself.

"Has he regained his consciousness?"  Shubhman thought to himself.

He tried to pull away from embrace while pulling his hand back from Ishan's lower back but ishan clung to him tightly, refusing to let him go.

"n-no...closer...come closer...I can't see you.." Ishan mumbled in his sleep and hide his face more in Shubhman's neck. He start rubbing his body on Shubhman's body.

Shubhman cursed mentally when he felt his lower body reacting to friction. He tried to pull his lower body away but ishan didn't let him. At the end Shubhman gave up and stay still.

That's all he can do right now because if he makes move, he does not know what he will end up doing.

"He is dreaming.." Shubhman reminded himself.

"Ish...try to focus, i'm right here next to you...you need to let me go" Shubhman gently said to ishan. He doesn't know if other can hear him or not but still he tried.

"Closer...let me see you, s-shubh..i want you clo-" ishan keep mumbling in his sleep while his lips touched Shubhman neck. Suddenly ishan bit on his neck in sleep.

"Ahhh..ish.." Shubhman groaned as pleasure shoot in his whole body when Ishan's lips touched his skin.

And with that, his right hand which had retreated from Ishan's back, now it's back, gently caressing Ishan's lower back, while his mouth find it's way to the only place it could reach...Ishan's beautiful shoulder blade.

He suck on it. He start kissing and nibbling on ishan's shoulder. If anyone could see him now, he would be unrecognisable.

He doesn't have his usual calm look, his whole body was flushed with desire and need for ishan. All raw emotions were on his face exposed to eyes.

He start leaving wet kisses on ishan's shoulder and moved to his neck. He start sucking on Ishan milky skin, leaving little red marks on it.

Suddenly something hit him and he realised that maybe, just maybe abhishek was not spouting nonsense. After few seconds he stop kissing. And stared at ishan's shoulder and neck.

He felt an odd satisfaction when he saw Ishan's collarbone and shoulder covered with his marks. He still need time to figure out his feelings. He need to make sure what it is.

Is it just physical attraction or something more dangerous likelove?

_____________________________________

Note:

Please read-  I will be gone for 15-20 days as my sister wedding is coming. So I will be busy with preparation.

Wait for me patiently.

And please share your views on this chapter. Let me know if i'm taking things too fast.

See you soon.

Happy new year Everyone 🎉🎊🏮!! This new year bring only happiness to your life 🥰❤️🥀!!______________________________________

Author's POV*************

The next morning come rather early than expected. Two bestfriends were still sleeping while cuddling each other tightly.

Their alarm clock ringed, and surprisingly the first one to wake up was ishan. He slowly opened his eyes, adjusting to light.

And the first thing that come infront of his eyes was shubham's peaceful sleeping face. Ishan smiled softly and raised his hand to side the hair strands which were falling on shubham's eyes.

But stopped midway when his eyes feel on shubham's naked chest. Only then he noticed their current position, how both of them are cuddling, bare chested.

Ishan froze for a second, than suddenly remember last night incident, how he was feeling cold all of sudden, then suddenly warmth engulfing him.

"That warmness in my sleep was shubh hugging me?" Ishan thought mentally, while his cheeks start heating up.

Ishan don't know why but he felt something warm in his stomach at shubhman's care. He felt special for some reasons.

As he was busy with his thoughts, shubhman also woke up and stared at his frozen state.

"Ish.." He called for ishan's attention.

Ishan flinched at his husky morning voice and in panick, he pushed shubhman away with force making other fall on the floor, hard.

Shubhman hissed in pain,but immediately get up. He misunderstood ishan's reaction, thinking that ishan is angry about thing body heat giving thing.

"Ish...I can explain.. Please.. Please don't hate me.." Shubhman hurriedly pleaded looking desperate.

Ishan come back to his sense and hurriedly get up to check Shubhman.

"You are okay right? I'm sorry for pushing you...I just got startled.." Ishan apologized looking guilty.

"And why were you saying sorry?" Ishan asked confusingly.

Shubhman hold his both hands and stare in ishan's worried eyes.

" for touching you when you were not in your right state of mind. But believe me ish, I just wanted to warm you..." Shubhman explained himself., looking all panicked.

"Shh..shh, calm down it's okay. And thank you for always caring for me, I dont hate you meri jaan..come here..."

By saying this ishan pulled Shubhman in a comforting hug, still both of them were half naked, its not like Shubhman mind.

Shubhman nuzzled his face in ishan neck and inhaled his sweet body scent to calm himself.

"He doesn't hate me...he won't leave me.." Shubhman keep repeating it like a mantra in his mind, while hugging ishan tightly.

Suddenly someone knocked loudly on the door from outside, making both of them pull away from hug.

"Boys...come downstairs, breakfast is ready.." It was kuldeep.

"Will be there in 5 minutes bhaiya.." Shubhman replied from inside.

"Okay.." Kuldeep said and left.

"Let's fresh&up. And go downstairs.." Ishan said while grabbing a tshirt from his wardrobe.

Shubhman did the same and both of them hurriedly fresh&up. And left for dining room....Right now everyone are present on the dining table while eating their breakfast in a peaceful silence.

"Ishu...How's your injury now?" Virat asked , breaking the silence.

"I'm fine bhaiya...it's not even paining now. I'm fully fit to practice today.." Ishan replied warmly.

Shubhman who was sitting just beside him, immediately frowned.

"No..you won't practice today...we can't take risk...what if it worsen?" Shubhman said firmly.

"But-" ishan was about to protest but rohit cut him in.

"No buts, ishu...shubhman is right, take rest for two days, than you can join the practice and I don't want any arguments.." Rohit said strictly, using his captain tone, clearly not in mood to take no from ishan.

Ishan nodded while sighing in defeat, after all they are saying for his own good. Everyone resume their breakfast with casual talking in between.

After finishing their breakfast, everyone directly headed to field to practice, ishan also followed them.

"You just sit here and watch...no jumping here and there got it?" Shubhman told ishan, after all he know Ishan's groofy nature.

Ishan immediately pouted, at being treated like some kid.

"Who are you? My dad?" Ishan asked while scowling at him.

To which Shubhman gave him a flirty smirk and leaned close to ishan's face.

"Not dad but i can be yourdaddy sweetheart.." He said in a deep voice, Looking a little too serious to be taken it as just a joke.

Ishan felt an electric shock in his whole body when heard Shubhman. The things Shubhman do to his heart with his words, are unexplainable. He tried his best to blush infront of Shubhman and composed himself.

"Ewww...shubh go away and practice.." Ishan pretended to make a disgusting face and pushed Shubhman away.

Shubhman laughed at his reaction, before entering the field and starting his practise with other teammates.

Ishan start cheering for Shubhman, whenever he play a good shot, encouraging Shubhman, while other members just shake their head.

After 2 hours of practice, everyone sit down on the field, feeling tried. Ishan hurriedly run to shubhman with a bottle of water.

"Here shubh...drink some water, you must tired" Ishan said while opening cap of the bottle before passing it to Shubhman.

Shubhman gladly took the bottle, muttering a "thankyou" to ishan, who smiled and sit beside Shubhman.

Other members, who just witnessed this whole scene of so cold "Friendly affection", couldn't help but thought mentally,

"Are we invisible or what?"

"Ishu...we are tired too, what about us?" Surya asked,on the behalf of everyone.

Before ishan could get up to bring them water too, shubham held his hand to stop him and shifted his graze to surya.

"Bhaiya...He is injured, and it's not like that you can't bring water for everyone, right bhaiya..." Shubham replied, as if he was challenging surya to refuse him.

But thankfully, surya cherished his life so without any words, he and hardik left to bring water for other members too.

When surya went away, ishan smacked hard Shubhman on his shoulder, making Shubhman look at him with a raise eyebrow.

"What?!" Shubhman asked.

"That was rude shubh, you can't talk to your teammate like that, and he is our senior too..." Ishan scolded him, in a hush tone. Clearly looking a little upset.

Shubhman hate it when ishan gets upset with him. He felt something sour in his heart, when ishan gets upset.

Soon, surya and hardik come back with water bottles and sit on their previous place.

"Umm..sky bhaiya?" Shubhman called.

"Hmm.." Surya hummed, giving him full attention.

"I'm sorry... I shouldn't have talk like that with you...i'm sincerely sorry bhaiya.." Shubhman apologized to him.

Surya looked a little taken back at his sudden apology but his waved his hand in a care free manner and said,

"It's okay... I didn't take any offense, you can always talk freely with me,"

"Thankyou bhaiya... " Shubhman said softly.

Ishan who was sitting beside him, couldn't help hut glance at shubhman with a soft smile on his lips. And hugged Shubhman from side.

"What happened?" Shubhman asked, fondly looking at clinging man.

"Nothing...i'm happy that you apologized to bhaiya..i'm proud of you.." Ishan replied softly and give his famous smile to Shubhman.

Shubhman, immediately castes his eyes down. It's been a month but still, he couldn't bring himself to look at that bright smile directly.

"Anything for you and your smile.." Shubhman said in his heart.

"Okay guys break is over, let's get back to practice.. Come on guys.." Rohit sudden shouted to gain everyone attention.

Everyone groaned tiredly but still get up from ground including Shubhman and ishan.

"Go back to sitting area and cheer for me..." Shubhman said to ishan while ruffling Ishan's hair gently.

"Okay... But stop messing my hair" ishan said and get little away from Shubhman, to protect his precious hair.

"Fine, you whinny kid.." Shubhman said teasingly, and immediately run away from there, knowing how much ishan hate being called "kid"

"WHO ARE YOU CALLING " KID", MR.GILL?!" Ishan shouted irritatedly at the top of his lungs at shubhman.

Whole indian team laughed at their banter and get back to their practice, while Ishan get back to sitting area, stomping his feet on the ground, looking like a angry little kid.

At 2 P.M, rohit finally decided to end today's practice session. Everyone run towards sitting area like some released criminals. And half layed on the their chair, looking dead tired.

Shubhman also followed them and sit left side to ishan's chair as virat was sitting on the right. But ishan waa busy in scratching his shoulder blade with an irritated look on his face.

"What happened ishu? Why are you scratching your shoulder like this?" Virat asked in confusion.

Shubhman doesn't know why but he is feeling like he is forgetting something important but the question is what.

"I don't know bhaiya...for some reason it's itching here so much..I can't even see what it is.." Ishan huffed, twisting his head to look at itching area on his shoulder.

"Leaned a little closer ,let me see..." Virat said ,and turned his body towards ishan.

Ishan nodded and leaned closer to virat. Virat held his tshirt and slid it a little to make Ishan's shoulder visible to his eyes.

Only then shubhman realised what he was forgetting. And before he could stop virat,it was already too late, the damage was done.

As expected, Everyone gasped comically when they saw those red patches on Ishan's shoulder blade. Shubhman facepalmed himself with a sigh.

Now how will he explain this to everyone?

Hardik was noting his every movement, from start. He felt a little suspicious in his heart.

"What happened? Why are you guys looking at my neck like that??" Ishan asked looking all anxious.

"W-why your shoulder is covered with red marks?" Virat asked looking beyond shocked.

"What red marks?" Ishan let out in confusion.

Siraj opened his phone camera and clicked his neck picture before handing it to ishan. Ishan look at picture,

"Ohh..I think it's because of heat, after all in july it's normal to have rashes because of heat..." Ishan replied naively.

And for the first time, Shubhman felt grateful to ishan's naive nature. Shubhman can finally sigh in relief now.

But other members stared at ishan like he is some kind of fool. Half of them are married, so ofcourse they can tell by just one glance that those red patches are anything but rashes.

While hardik keep looking at shubhman as if trying to read his inner thoughts. Then he take out his phone and drop a message in a specific group, with name  "Matchmakers ofishman".

"I'm telling you, it's Shubhman's doing..just look at his tense expressions.." - text send by hardik.

And suddenly Everyone's except rohit, virat, Shubhman and ishan, phone made ding sound, indication of new message. Which obviously gained remaining four's attention.

"What is it? " rohit questioned.

Shreyas took out his phone and opened the message, he glared at hardik when he read the text, while hardik start staring here and there while whistling.

Shreyas sighed and shifted his graze back to their captain, before passing an awkward smile to him.

"Nothing bhaiya...hardik just share some instagram memes..." Shreyas lied while praying to god to not let rohit doubt him.

"Yeah shreyas is right, it's just some funny memes.." Kl rahul also played along with shreyas lie.

"But then why didn't you send us too?" Virat asked referring to rohit and himself, looking a little suspiciously at hardik.

"Ohh that...because it's not for old peoples.." Hardik replied sarcastically, knowing this will divert their attention.

"And not for kids too..." Surya immediately stated ,when he saw how ishan was also about to ask, then why hardik didn't send it to him and Shubhman.

"Eh, how dare you can me old? Rohit is old not me.." Virat said looking offended.

"Heyy... Why are you dragging me in this?" Rohit stated, clearly feeling annoyed.

And with that, rohit and virat start bickering with each other about who is old and who is not. While other tried to stop them. And with that, they completely forget about Ishan's issue.

Ishan was busy in laughing whileShubhman stare at all the chaos infront of him and sighed.

"Narrowly escaped, thanks to hardik bhaiya's instagram memes..."

_______________________________________

Note:

Another chapter is here.it's long chapter,hope you all will like it.Please tell me how it is in comments.

And don't forget to vote for the chapter if you like it.

See you in next update,❤️

Author's POV**************At night in hardik room, there 7 members are glaring at the man, who is sitting on the bed with an guilty look on his face.

"I'm sorry okay? Please stop glaring at me like that, it's giving me chills.." Hardik said while rubbing his both arms.

Kl rahul smacked hardik's head, making him hiss in pain.

"Do you even realise because of your carelessness, we were about to get exposed?" Kl rahul scolded him irritatedly.

"Yes, couldn't you be patient for a while huh? You just sent the message right infront of rohit bhaiya and virat bhaiya...it was good that they didn't find anything suspicious or else we would have been in great trouble..." Siraj also joined.

Everyone nodded agreeing with siraj. Hardik's pouted at being scolded by everyone.

"Okay fine...I will be more careful from next time.." Hardik said while sighing in defeat.

"Good for you!!..." Everyone said in unison. Making hardik scowl.

"But do you really think, that those marks were made by Shubhman?" Shreyas asked, looking a little doubtful.

Hardik immediately nodded and said confidently,

"I can bet my life on it..."

Actually this whole group thing started when hardik start noticing changes in Shubhman's behaviour against ishan.

So he made a group with others, who also think same like him, to discuss the plans to bring their youngest together.

But now it's looking like they don't need to do anything as Shubhman is already two steps ahead than them.

"Then let's wait and see..how things unfold between them.." Jadeja said.

"Yes, that's all we can do now...let's go back guys...we still need prepare cake for ishan's midnight birthday surprise.." Kl rahul reminded others.

"Yeah,let's go.." Everyone nodded.

And with that, their meeting come to the end and everyone one by one start leaving hardik's room....Ishan was sleeping peacefully on his bed, without any care of world.Slowly a shadow walked to his bed and hovered over him. That shadow lifted it's hand and start shaking ishan.

Ishan whined in sleep at disturbance but still didn't opened his eyes. Making that shadow shake ishan with more force,

finally ishan opened his eyes after lots of shaking, only to let out a frightening scream the next moment but that shadow immediately covered his mouth with it's palm.

Ishan stared at shadow with wide eyes, unable to form any sentence.

"Shhh...shh it's me..Shubhman.." That shadow or now Shubhman said in huss tone and turn on the lamp of bedside.

Ishan who finally saw his face in light, closed his eyes in relief. For a moment he thought he is going to get kidnapped.

Shubhman removed his palm from Ishan's mouth. Ishan immediately sit on the bed and start hitting Shubhman's chest with his fist.

"You fool, you scared me to death.." Ishan shouted at him.

Shubhman held his both fist in a tight grip and pulled ishan towards himself, before leaving his hands.

"Sorry for that, but i want to go on long drive.." Shubhman replied softly.

Ishan look at the time and frowned.

"At 11: 00 pm? Are you crazy?" Ishan couldn't help but ask.

To which Shubhman just shrugged his shoulders,

" Long drives are best enjoyed only at late nights, my dear ish.." Shubhman replied in singing tone.

"Ohh then how about you go alone because i love my sleep more..now let me sleep.."

Ishan was about to lay down again but Shubhman stopped him by grabbing his hand.

"Please ish..I promise today's night will be best night of your life. Please...I don't want to go alone..." Shubhman pleaded while giving his puppy eyes.

He is really miserable when it comes to shubhman isn't it?. Ishan sighed in defeat and look at shubhman.

"Arghh...fine, let me get changed.." Ishan said.

Shubhman gave him a wide dimple smile and immediately engulfed ishan in a bear hug.

"You won't regret it, i promise.." Shubhman said and pulled away from hug.

"I hope so.." By saying this ishan get up and start getting ready.

After 10 minutes, ishan was fully ready for their long drive plan. Shubhman held his hand and grab his keys from drawer before both of them exited their room.

With slow steps, they come downstairs while looking here and there to avoid encounter with their any teammate.

They sighed in relief when they successfully come out from apartment without getting caught by anyone.

"You wait here...i will be back in few minutes,.." Shubhman said.

And before ishan could ask anything, he already left from there. Ishan stood at the empty road which in infront of their apartment, waiting for Shubhman.

After five minutes, ishan heard a bike horn from a little away from him. He turn to look at in that direction and become surprised.

( something like this, but ignore helmet)

There was shubhman on his bike, smiling at him. Ishan ran to him and stop infront of bike.

"Get on..." Shubhman said.

"Long drive on bike? I never heard of it..." Ishan asked while chuckling.

" i'm Shubhman gill...ofcourse i'm unique.. " Shubhman said cockily.

"Yeah yeah mr. Shubhman gill.." Ishan laughed and get on the bike.

Shubhman grabbed Ishan's hand and placed it on his waist.

"Hold me tight if you don't want to fall.."

Ishan smiled softly before hugging Shubhman tightly. He leaned his head on shubham's back.

Shubhman stare at ishan through rare view mirror of bike and smiled before starting the bike in speed and leaving from there.

Ishan was mesmerized by the night view, he keep looking at sky with his sparkle eyes, Shubhman was right he won't regret it.

"You are liking it?" Shubhman asked as looked at Ishan thought rare view, while driving the bike.

"I'm loving it shubh...it's so beautiful.." Ishan shouted smiling widely while staring the sky.

"Indeed it's so beautiful..." Shubhman mumbled slowly while staring at ishan's reflection in rare view mirror, which ofcourse ishan didn't heard.

After driving aimlessly for 50 minutes, on the empty roads of mumbai, Shubhman suddenly stopped the bike infront of a house.

( the house )

Ishan stare at house in confusion.

"Get down.." Shubhman said while looking back at ishan.

Ishan nodded and get off from bike, shubhman also did the same.

"Let's go inside.." Shubhman said while holding Ishan's hand.

Ishan wanted to ask, whose house is this? But didn't said anything and start walking with Shubhman.

Shubhman punched the password in the lock and soon heard a click sound, the door was unlocked.

"You go inside first, I think i forget to take the keys out of the bike..let me get them.." Suddenly shubhman said while checking his pockets.

Ishan nodded before mumbling a okay to shubhman. Ishan then opened the door wide and walked inside.

Shubhman stare at ishan going inside first and smiled feeling happy. Forgetting bike keys was just an excuse.

Actually he bought this house a week ago and for some reasons he wanted Ishan to be the first one to step into this house, not anyone else including himself. Even his family don't know about this house.

After few minutes, Shubhman also walked inside and closed the door behind. He saw ishan sitting on the couch. He approached him and sit beside him.

"Shubh.. Whose house is this?" Ishan finally asked.

And Shubhman stared at him like he is some rare species.

"Is there anything here or is it completely empty huh?" Shubhman asked while poking Ishan's forehead.

Making Ishan's gasp, feeling offended.

"Are you saying i'm dumb?" He asked in disbelief.

"I see...you can still be saved.." Shubhman replied with a thoughtful expression, only to get a smack on his head by ishan.

Ishan huffed and turned his face away, not looking at shubhman. Shubhman smiled and cupped his face and made Ishan face him again.

"My naive baby...ofcourse this is my house. Otherwise do you think i'm a thief, who would know the password of someone else's house?" Shubhman asked while cupping Ishan's face.

At this moment ishan really felt stupid. Shubhman laughed at ishan's funny expression and released his face.

Shubhman eyes fall on the wall clock, he immediately become alert when he saw it's already, 11:55 P.M.

"Ish..how about I give you my new house's tour?..." Shubhman suggested.

Ishan excitedly nodded and get up to go with shubhman.

"Let's start with upstairs..." Shubhman said.

"Okay... Lead the way mr.gill.." Ishan replied, while chuckling.

Shubhman start walking towards stairs with ishan following him behind. Soon they reached first floor, ishan start looking here and there, the interior of the house was so good, exactly his taste.

"I also love this type of interiors.. We have similar taste I guess.." Ishan said while roaming in corridor.

"Hmmm.." Shubhman hummed while slowing his steps.

"Ofcourse it will match your taste after all I only bought this house because you like these type of interiors.." Shubhman said in his heart.

Soon ishan start walking in front, with shubhman following him behind now. Slowly distance between both of them start increasing.

Ishan reached infront of a room, he gently pushed the door, surprisingly it was unlocked. Ishan entered inside but whole room was filled with darkness. He couldn't see a single thing.

"Shubh, whose room is-" ishan turn around to look at shubhman but found no one.

"Shubh,...shubhman are you playing hide and seek with me now?" Ishan asked while biting his lips nervously. He hates dark places, it suffocates him.

Just when he was about to panic, suddenly the whole room's light turn on. Ishan let out a gasp of surprise when he look at decoration and very big" happy birthday " written just above bed area, with lots of gift boxes on bed.

And soon closely followed a singing voice of Shubhman.

"Happy birthday to you!!...happy birthday dear ishan...happy birthday to you..."

Ishan covered his mouth, without knowing his eyes turn a little moist, when shubham entered the room with cake in his hand.

Shubhman  walked to near table and placed the cake on it and turn to look at Ishan, who is still froze on his spot.

"Today is my birthday? And you prepared all this for me?" Ishan asked still shocked.

Shubhman remembered his birthday when he, himself forget about it. Oh does he felt special? Yes he does, very much. His heart flutter at shubhman's gesture.

"Yeah dummy...now make a wish and blow the candles.." Shubhman replied.

Ishan nodded and walked to shubhman before closing his eyes to make a wish while joining his both hands.

"I want Shubhman to always stay in my life.."

Ishan opened his eyes and stare at shubhman with some unknown emotion in his eyes before blowing the candles.

"Let's cut the cake.." Shubhman said while giving cake knife to ishan.

Ishan took the knife and bend a little to cut the cake, he cut the cake and Shubhman clapped while singing birthday song.

Ishan took a small cake piece before puting it infront of Shubhman's mouth and mentioned him to eat it.

Shubhman opened his mouth and took a bit of it before taking the piece from Ishan's hand and made ishan eat it.

Ishan eat the cake and immediately throw himself on shubhman who stumbled a little but wrapped his arms around ishan and hugged him back tightly.

"Thankyou...thankyou so much shubh. This night is best night of my life shubh...i will never forget it..." Ishan expressed.

"Pleasure is all mine, sweetheart..." Shubhman replied and caressed Ishan's hair, still hugging him.

Ishan then pulled away from hug, Shubhman then walked to bed and pick the big bag and give it to ishan, who look at the bag in confusion.

"Go and wear this...i want to know how you will look in these clothes.." Shubhman said when saw Ishan's confused expression.

"But what was the need for this? You had already planned so much.." Ishan said at such waste of money.

"Stop behaving like a housewife, and do what i say..or perhaps you are interested in becoming Mrs. Gill?" Shubhman teased him.

Ishan chocked on his on spit when he heard Shubhman. And composed himself and glared at shubhman.

"Mrs.gill, my foot...i'm going.."

By saying this ishan hurriedly went inside bathroom to change, leaving a laughing shubhman in room....Few minutes ago, at ICT team apartment, whole team was standing infront of ishman's room.

Virat stood infront of whole team with cake in his hand, they had planned to surprise ishan at correct 12 A.M.

" Surya open the room..." Rohit said in huss tone.

"But what if the door was locked from inside?" Siraj asked.

"Then we can call Shubhman and tell him to open the door, now first check atleast.." Virat replied getting impatient and looked at surya.

Surya nodded and rotate the doorknob and guess what door was unlocked. They share a look among themselves and slowly one by one entered the room.

As lights were off, they didn't saw that beds were empty, and made their way towards Ishan's bed.

But as they get close they made out the bed was empty.

Shreyas turn on the lights and sure enough whole room was empty. Even Shubhman was not in room.

"Where would both of them have gone this late at night?" Kl rahul asked in confusion.

"Make a wild guess...indeed shubhman is always two steps ahead of us " Hardik stated while shaking his head with sigh.

As they heard hardik, a realisation falls upon them.

Their birthday boy has been stolen by no one other than shubhman Gill, himself!!

Virat closed his eyes in frustration, while rohit patted his shoulder.

"SHUBHMAN. FUCKING. GILL.." Virat shouted in annoyance.

" like some fools, we prepared all this to surprise ishu, just to greeted by this empty room? I will kill that Shubhman once he returns..." Virat huffed angrily, putting that cake away.

"May god save shubh from virat's wrath because we won't..." Everyone prayed in their heart while looking at angry virat going out of the room.______________________________________

Note:

Long chapter once again. I don't know how it always because long.

Anyway please share your views on this chapter.

See you in next update.

Author's POV**************

Shubhman was using his phone while sitting on bed, waiting for ishan to come out. But it seems like other isn't planning to come out any time soon, testing Shubhman's patience.

Shubhman finally had enough, he walked to bathroom door and knocked on it,

"Ish...will you come out today itself?" Shubhman asked impatiently.

Soon, he heard ishan's insecure voice from inside of bathroom

"I'm not sure if i'm looking good in these clothes...after all I don't wear clothes like these..."

Shubhman sighed when he heard his reply.

"Whether you are looking good or not, leave that to me...just come out, i'm waiting.." Shubhman said in a calm voice.

"Fine but close your eyes first.." Ishan's hesitant voice replied.

"Okay..."

With that Shubhman went back to sit on the bed and closed his eyes. Few seconds later, a click sound was heard in room, and ishan come out from bathroom.

He look at close eyed Shubhman and walked to him. Shubhman immediately sensed his presence near him.

"Can I open my eyes now?" Shubhman asked patiently.

"Yeah.." Ishan let out softly.

Shubhman slowly opened his eyes and his breath hitched, ishan was looking ethereal. He let his eyes roam at ishan's body from head to toe. He never thought he would find any man beautiful but there stand ishan.

( ishan's dress )

While ishan keep biting his lips nervously, under Shubhman's intense graze. He really want to hear something, maybe a compliment from Shubhman to calm his insecurities.

"It's bad..."bad for my heart and sanity.Shubhman completed the sentence in his heart.

"See...I knew these type of clothes are not for me!!...i'm going to change it.." Ishan, who only heard half sentence, replied letting his insecurities win.

Ishan turn around to go to the bathroom. Only then Shubhman realised that ishan took it all wrong and immediately get up before hugging ishan from behind, stopping him.

"What are you doing shubh? Let me go i need to change.." Ishan said tried to break Shubhman's hold but failed.

"You misunderstood my words, ish. I didn't meant it like that. You are looking breathtaking in these clothes, believe me ish, i'm not laying. You are looking so beautiful that anyone's self control would waver after seeing you..." Shubhman showered ishan with lots of praises and compliments, making ishan smile shyly.

Ishan blushed so bad that he was looking like a tomato. Blushing and shyness is not Ishan's thing but he just couldn't help it, when Shubhman adores him like this.

"Including Me, you are making me question my self control ish..and you are not even aware about it..."

Shubhman thought while looking at ishan's blushing cheeks, oh how bad he want to bit those cheeks, this thought made him tightened his grip around Ishan's waist.

"So never feel insecure about yourself, you are prefect in every aspects.." Shubhman said and make ishan turn towards himself.

Ishan nodded his head while biting his lips, a habit whenever he feels overwhelmed or nervous.

Shubhman put his thump on Ishan's lower lip, making ishan's breath quicken and tugged his lower lips away from ishan's teeth.

"Stop biting your lips...it will leave bruise.." Shubhman said and for some reason his voice sounded a little thick.

Shubhman rubbed his thump against Ishan's lower lip, making ishan held his breath subconsciously. Shubhman licked his own lips before retreating his hand back.

"Umm.." Only then Ishan let out timidly.

Shubhman smiled and held Ishan's hand ,walking towards mirror. He made Ishan stand infront of mirror.

"I have two beautiful things to complete this look of yours.. Wait a minute.." Shubhman said and went to get two gifts small bags from bed.

Ishan just stare at him in confusion. Shubhman opened the first gift box and take out a neck chain.

"You know if you keep spending on me like this , you will spoil me.." Ishan said.

Shubhman gave him a smile and stand behind ishan, now looking at ishan through mirror

" and i can afford your expenses..now stand still and let me put this on you.." Shubhman said and stood a little closer to ishan.

He put the chair around Ishan's neck and closed it's lock behind Ishan's neck, making ishan wear that chain properly.

( neck chain )

"Do you like it?" Shubhman asked.

Ishan touched the chain around his neck, and give a beautiful smile to shubhman, through mirror.

"I loved it, shubh..." Ishan replied.

"Now last thing to complete the look.."  Shubhman said and took the second small gift bag in his hand.

"How many more surprises you have planned?" Ishan asked with a disbelief look on his face.

"I promise this is the last one,..." Shubham said while smiling innocently.

Ishan really want to smack the smile off shubhman's face, but this doesn't mean he is not feeling touched by Shubhman's efforts to make his birthday special.

"Lift your left hand sleeve.." Shubhman instructed.

Ishan did what he was told, Shubhman took out a beautiful chain bracelet, that he bought without abhishek's knowledge and made ishan wear it, around his wrist.

( bracelet )

And ishan won't lie that the bracelet was so beautiful, so his taste. He have a special love for accessories and Shubhman knows it.

"Now your look is done..." Shubhman said with a satisfied look on his face.

"You know if I was a girl...I would have fell in love you because of your sweet gestures...you literally treated me like some princess..." Ishan said jokingly.

Shubhman stare at his smiling face and pulled ishan close by grabbing his elbow. And stare into ishan's doe eyes with his dark one's.

" just because you are boy doesn't mean you can't feel moved by my gesture... So tell me are you falling for me, hmmMy Princess?" Shubhman asked looking all serious.

Ishan felt himself drowning in those dark eyes of Shubhman, his mind went blank.

"Maybe..." Ishan whispered,looking dazed.

"huh?" Shubhman let out confusingly as he didn't quite heard ishan clearly.

Ishan snapped out of his daze and made little distance between them and said.

"I said keep dreaming, Mr.Gill.." Ishan replied sassily and struck his tongue out at him.

"Woah- you really have a sharp tongue.." Shubham said with scoff....Currently the duo is cuddling on the couch in living room. They are watching a romantic movie, chosen by ishan. They were so busy in enjoying each other's company that they didn't even checked the time.

Ishan was so watching it with full interest, as the main leads of movie are finally confessing to each other after lot's of obstacles.

Suddenly a question come into ishan's mind.

" shubh, what kind of partner do you want?" Ishan asked.

Shubhman looked a little confuse at sudden question but still replied,

"Someone who will love me.."

Ishan sighed and pulled away from Shubhman and stare at him.

"Everyone loves you and ofcourse you will not date all of them..i'm asking about something specific.." Ishan said while rolling his eyes.

To which, Shubhman smirked slightly and leaned a little closer to ishan's face.ishan stare at him with an raised eyebrow.

"You said everyone loves me..Do you love me too?" Shubhman asked in a teasing tone.

"h-huh?!" Ishan was startled.

Sometimes he really wonders, just how could shubhman always twist his own words to use against him and trap him.

Ishan controlled his fast heartbeats and gave an unimpressed look to shubhman,

"Nope...not even a bit.." Ishan replied while rolling his eyes.

Although shubham know ishan was just joking around, still he decided to tease ishan a little and pretended to feel hurt by Ishan's words.

"Ohh.." He let out dejectedly, while looking down.

Ishan immediately panicked when he heard Shubhman's sad voice. And immediately cupped his face in his palms and look at him.

"I was kidding...ofcource i love you shubh, You are handsome and charming...who wouldn't love you?" Ishan said everything in one go.

" i don't care about other but yo-" shubhman immediately stopped himself, when realise the depth of the words that he was about to say.

"But what shubh?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Nothing..." Shubhman replied with sigh.

Ishan didn't ask any further, then his eyes fall on the clock and his expression turned horrified.

"What happened ish?" Shubhman asked when he saw his expressions.

"Nothing has happened yet but if we don't return to the apartment now, something will happen for sure...it's already 3:00 a.m in morning... Virat bhaiya will kill us for sure.." Ishan keep blabbering while panicking.

Shubhman held his hands and rubbed them to calm him,which actually worked.

"Shh..calm down, he won't even find out that we sneaked out..lets go, members wake up at 5:30 so we still can reach apartment before anyone of them wake up..." Shubhman said gently.

Ishan nodded and both of them get ready to leave. Ishan felt a little sad about leaving, as he really enjoyed his time there, this was the best birthday gift he could ever ask.

"Don't worry, if you want, I will bring you back here again..." Shubhman assured him, when he saw his a little sad face.

"Really? You are the best shubhi.." Ishan said and in excitement he kissed Shubhman's cheek,making other freeze.

Ishan stopped smiling when he realised what he just did and scolded himself.

"Shit, you are stupid ishan, he must have felt uncomfortable because of your silliness.."

Thinking like this ishan was about to apologize but stopped when he felt Shubhman's soft but a little rough lips on his cheeks.

Shubhman kissed his cheeks!!!

Now it was Ishan's turn to froze. He touched his cheek where Shubhman just kissed and stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

" The fruit of hard work is indeed very sweet.. " Shubhman said while smirking.

Shubhman chuckled when he didn't heard any reply from a very shocked ishan. He waved his hands infront of Ishan's face, snapping him out of shock.

"Shall we go now?" Shubhman said while making a hand gesture of "after you".

"O-Ofcourse..." Ishan replied while clearing his throat....The door of living room slowly opened, making as less sound as possible.

Then with light steps first Shubhman entered inside, closely ishan followed. Since, both of them were in hurry, they didn't payed mind to their surroundings as lights were off and hurriedly walked towards stairs.

Suddenly the lights of living room turned on, making both of them stop dead in track.

"Stop right there, both of you.." Virat's angry voice come from behind.

Shubhman cursed under his breath,while ishan turned pale when he heard virat's voice.

"We are screwed!!" Both of them thought, while sharing a look of self pity among themselves.

"Turn around.." This time rohit ordered sternly.

Shubhman and ishan turn around and saw whole ICT team present in living room, while glaring at them, more specifically at shubhman.

Virat picked his bat from the side of couch. Ishan gulped hard when virat start approaching them with his MRF bat in hand.

Just when virat was about to come more close to them, Shubhman come forward and hide ishan behind himself, protecting him.

"Bhaiya...don't blame ishan for it,  it was me who forced him to go out with me at night.." Shubhman said defending ishan.

Ishan really want to come forward and say that Shubhman didn't forced him but Shubhman gave him a look, to stop him from doing so.

Virat stare at shubhman in disbelief before scoffing in annoyance.

"Who said i'm blaming ishan? I'm blaming YOU...Run before i count to three, because if i caught you..you are dead meat.." Virat  threatened him while pointing his bat at shubhman.

"Bhaiya-" ishan started but virat cut him with his counting.

"123" Virat finished the counting in one breath, catching shubhman off guard.

"This is CHEATING!!!" Shubhman howled while running for his dear life around living room.

"This is nothing compare to what you have done to our surprise...i was standing like some fool with cake, only to find that both of you are nowhere in sight." Virat shouted and run behind Shubhman with his bat.

While other members just sit on the couch and start enjoying the tom and jerry show live. Oh how bad they miss popcorn right now.

No matter how fast you are in running, but you can never beat virat in speed, so in the end virat caught shubhman, who gave him an innocent smile in return.

"Don't try to fool me with that smile of your...I know you are devil in angel's disguise,.." Virat said, not falling for his innocent smile.

Seeing that no one is interested in saving Shubhman from virat, ishan decided to interfere. Ishan walked to them and held Virat's bat.

"Bhaiya...Please forgive Shubh, he did all this just make my birthday special, please bhaiya for me.." Ishan said while looking at virat with his big doe eyes.

Virat can resist anything but Ishan's pleading eyes. Virat sighed and shifted his graze back to shubhman,

" i'm leaving you because of ishan, otherwise i would have broken you legs today with my bat.." Virat said while glaring at shubhman.

"Got it sir.." Shubhman said and give a salute to virat, earning a smack from him.

Everyone chuckled at their bickering. And ishan and Shubhman also joined everyone on the couch with virat.

"So where is it?" Suddenly ishan asked.

"What is where?" Kl rahul asked in confusion.

"My cake, the one virat bhaiya is talking about..." Ishan replied with an excited smile.

"Oh...let me me bring it.." By saying this shreyas run towards kitchen.

Soon,he come back with cake in his hand with candles on top of it. Ishan clapped his hand excitedly, while everyone smiled fondly at him.

Shreyas placed the cake on middle table before sitting on his previous seat.

"Actually we wanted to wish you at midnight but thanks to someone, we couldn't able to do it..." Virat said while giving a side eyes to shubhman, who just shake his head.

Ishan chuckled at him and said,

"Then let's cut the cake and you all can wish me now, after all it's my birthday, whole day, today.."

"Yes!!" Everyone shouted in unison, excitedly.

______________________________________

Note:

Here is another chapter!!

I wrote it in hurry, so please tell me if it is good enough or not in comments.

See you in next chapterEnjoy.

Author's POV**************

"Can't we celebrate your birthday somewhere else? " shubhman asked while looking at ishan.

It's Evening and whole team want to celebrate Ishan's birthday in club as ishan love parties. So currently both of them are in their shared room.

Ishan who styling his hair infront of mirror , turn around and look at shubhman, who is still not ready.

( Ishan's Outfit )

" What's wrong with going club? " ishan asked back.

"I hate crowd and all, you already know that.." Shubhman replied with sigh.

"Let me ask you this...are you sure that you are punjabi? I mean punjabis loves parties and all but here you are.." Ishan said while shaking his head.

"Ofcourse i'm punjabi but i think you are forgetting that i'm a "Introvert" too.." Shubhman responded while emphasizing the Introvert word.

Ishan sighed and went to sit beside shubhman on bed and stare at shubhman with a soft graze.

"Don't worry I will not leave you side in club so that you won't feel uncomfortable there...now get up and change.." Ishan said softly and caressed shubhman's cheek affectionately.

Shubhman felt a little relax after hearing ishan and nodded his head, making ishan smile.

" Let me wash my face till then you pick out clothes for me.." Shubhman said before going inside bathroom.

Ishan gave stare at the bathroom door in disbelief before shouting irritatedly,

"WHO DO YOU THINK I AM? YOUR WIFE?!"

With in a second, he heard a reply from inside of bathroom.

"Well I don't mind you being my wife.."

The reply from Shubhman tied Ishan's tongue for once again with a wildly beating heart. Ishan sighed and walked to closest to pick clothes for Shubhman.

"Why do i even say anything to him, when my words always backfires on me?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Shubhman come out from bathroom and saw ishan mumbling with himself. He chuckled and slowly approached him and stood behind ishan.

He slowly wrapped his arms around Ishan's waist, making other jolt in surprise. Shubhman put his chin on Ishan's shoulder.

He felt happy when he saw ishan didn't took off the chain which he gifted him.

"What would I do without you.." Shubhman said softly, letting his breath tickle Ishan's neck.

Ishan's whole body shivered at their close proximity. He felt weak in knees because of shubhman soft yet deep voice.

" That's what i'm saying, you are so dependent on me that I wonder how will you able to live without me..." Ishan replied and mentally patted himself for not stuttering,

Shubhman's grip tightened around Ishan's waist when he heard "Without me" part.

"Then never leave me.." Shubhman let out in a whisper in foreign voice.

Ishan's couldn't able to detect change in shubhman's tone and replied,

"Yeah yeah whatever...stop back hugging me and wear these clothes,"

Shubhman loosened his hold around ishan. Ishan turn around with Shubhman's clothes in his hand and give it to shubhman.

Shubhman took the clothes and start changing while ishan went to get his wallet and wrist watch from bedside drawer.

" i'm going downstairs come fast after getting ready..." Ishan said while checking himself last time in mirror.

"Okay.." Shubhman replied while nodding.

Ishan then left the room and went downstairs. He saw almost everyone present in living room, dressed for party.

"Where is Shubhman?" Virat asked when he saw ishan coming alone.

"He is getting ready bhaiya...will here in few minutes.." Ishan replied and sit on the couch.

"You are looking great ishu, and that chain is enhancing your looks.." Hardik complimented ishan.

"Thankyou bhaiya, this chain is gift by Shubhman... And you all are looking good too.." Ishan replied with a smile and touched the chain around his neck.

"Ohohooo..gift and all" Hardik let out in a teasing manner.

"What's with this teasing tone bhaiya? Isn't it normal to buy gifts for friends?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Ignore him ishu...he is always like this.." Kl rahul said to ishan while glaring at hardik, who smiled at him sheepishly.

Ishan just nodded naively.

Everyone was busy in talking about random things while waiting for Shubhman, then suddenly they heard a loud shout from upstairs.

"ISH..WHERE HAVE YOU KEPT MY WALLET AND WATCH?! I CAN'T FIND IT..."

Ishan became embarrassed when he heard Shubhman's shout as now everyone is staring at him like hawk.

Ishan gave them an awkward smile and replied,

"Um..actually, he keeps his stuff and forgets it, that's why i have to take care of Everything of his...I will be back in few minutes.."

By saying this ishan run from there in full speed not wanting to embarrass himself more.

Whole living room fell in silence.

"I don't know why but for some reason i feeling single so bad..." Siraj let out breaking the silence.

" I'm married still I am feeling so single right now...I miss my wife.." Hardik joined and said dramatically.

Other also agreed with him and start whining like some kindergarten kids.

Virat shake his head at his team mates antics. And was about to tell them to stop acting silly then suddenly, he heard a voice from beside himself.

" I also forget things but you never take care of anything of mine, tsk tsk and you call yourself my bestfriend... "

Rohit said while sulking and shake his head feeling dejected.

Virat just stare at him feeling speechless, who will say he is the captain of indian team?

"Not you too rohit!!" Virat exclaimed while throwing his hands air.

Rohit totally ignored him and continue sulking....Ishan walked inside their shared room and glared at shubhman while narrowing his eyes.

"What happened?" Shubhman asked confused.

"You brainless human, why did you shouted like that, now everyone will tease me to death.." Ishan shouted at him.

" Not my fault, you should have placed them infront of mirror table like you always do..." Shubhman said like he is stating a fact.

Ishan huffed at him and walked to shubhman bedside drawer and opened the top drawer before taking out the wallet and watch from it.

"Here...can't you search by yourself? They were literally in top drawer.." Ishan said while giving them to shubhman.

Shubhman smiled at his annoyed expression as ishan is looking like a angry wife while complaining.

"Why would I, when i have you?" Shubhman replied with cheeky smile while wearing his watch.

( Shubhman's outfit )

"You know what...Whatever!! Let's go others are waiting.." Ishan said feeling done with other's bluntness. And exited the room

Shubhman laughed a little and run behind ishan....At club,Shubhman, virat, rohit and kl rahul with kuldeep and sami, they are sitting while enjoying the loud music but someone was not enjoying, not even a bit.

Shubhman was annoyed, no he was seething in anger, he clenched the glass of cocktail in his hand tightly while staring or more like glaring in a specific direction.

"Don't worry I will not leave your side, tsk..." Shubhman mimicked Ishan's words from earlier while gritting his teeth.

He keep shooting draggers at ishan who is too lost in dancing while laughing with Rishabh pant.

He angrily drink the whole grass of cocktail in one go, eyes never leaving the dancing duo.

Shubhman glared at Rishabh as if one murder was forgiven, he would have murdered him.

Because why not, since the moment he came,ishan didn't even bother to spare a single glance to shubhman.

"Who invited him?" Shubhman asked from virat, referring to Rishabh pant.

"Rishu? Hardik invited him..." Virat replied while sipping his cocktail.

Hardik, who was also dancing with other members ,just beside ishan, felt a shiver running down his spine. He turn around and met with Shubhman's dark glare.

Hardik hurriedly turn back and patted his chest in a comforting manner.

"Well that was scary....but why he is glaring at me like i have broken his marriage?" Hardik asked to himself, which shreyas heard as he was just beside him.

"You tell me, why did you invited rishab?" Shreyas asked while shouting a little because of loud music.

" He is our ishu's close friend.. That's why.." Hardik replied as if stating most the most obvious thing.

Shreyas gave him an unimpressed look and said,

"Oh please you are not that considerate and thoughtful...so spill the truth.."

"You know me well...I invited him to make Shubhman jealous, I'm getting tired of his denial state..jealousy is the best way to realise their true feelings...I mean what could go wrong?" Hardik responded,looking so proud for coming with such idea.

"Those are the four most dangerous words in the history of mankind.." Shreyas replied and mentally prayed to let hardik's plan work for once , because none of his plans had worked before.

Shubhman slammed the glass ont the table with force, startling others, when he saw Rishab holding Ishan's waist and ishan didn't removed it.

Shubhman had enough, he can't tolerate this anymore. Ishan isHIS, and he don't like sharing. He stood up to get what's his.

"Where are you going?" Rohit asked him.

"To claim what'sMINE.."

By saying this Shubhman walked towards dance floor with big and firm strides. While other started at his back in confusion.

"What does he mean by that?" Rohit asked others

Others shrugged their shoulders as they are also clueless at shubhman's sudden change in mood.

Ishan was busy dancing in with rishabh, his one of good friends. As they hardly meet, both of them were catching up while dancing and laughing.

But suddenly, someone tugged Ishan's elbow and turn him around with force, making ishan bump with a hard chest.

Ishan was about to shout at the person for being rude but stop when he saw it was Shubhman.

"Oh hi Shubhman, have you also come to dance with us?" Rishabh asked while giving a friendly smile.

Which shubhman returned with a forced and fake smile.

" No thanks...I come to get MY ish," Shubhman said while emphasizing the "MY" word.

When ishan heard Shubhman's tone, he stare at shubhman as he can tell Shubhman is angry about something. He know Shubhman too well.

And before rishab could reply, Shubhman gripped Ishan's wrist and start dragging him outside of club as no one was paying attention, they didn't notice them leaving the club.

Outside of club, Ishan tired to free his hand from Shubhman's iron grip but failed miserably. Shubhman keep dragging him to his car.

"Shubh... Leave my hand, you are hurting me.." Ishan shouted while struggling.

Shubhman pulled ishan and with a swift move, he pinned him roughly against his car before glaring at him darkly with his intense eyes.

"You are hurt? Then what about me ish? WHAT ABOUT ME?" Shubhman shouted angrily while shaking ishan furiously.

Ishan start getting scared, he stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

"W-what happened to you shubh? Why are you behaving like this?" Ishan asked while stuttering in fear,

To which, Shubhman let out a shallow chuckle, scaring ishan more. Shubhman leaned close to ishan's face. His eyes showing hurt and anger.

" You don't know why? Seriously ish?! Why were you hugging him? WHY?!" Shubhman yelled,while slamming his hand on car,just beside ishan.

Ishan flinched hard at slamming sound and stare into Shubhman's glaring eyes.

"He is my friend shubh, what's wrong with me hugging him? I also hug you.." Ishan asked confusingly, he couldn't understand why Shubhman is so angry about something like this.

But his answer only added fuel to Shubhman's anger. Shubhman grabbed Ishan by his waist and harshly pulled him close to his chest.

"So for you, me and him are same?" Shubhman asked while clenching his jaw in anger.

Before ishan could say anything, Shubhman nuzzled his face in ishan's neck and start leaving wet kisses there, Ishan start struggling.

"Shubh leave me...you are not in right state of mind...leave me.." Ishan shouted at shubhman but other didn't stop.

Shubhman trailed to ishan's jaw while leaving kisses and bit his earlobe, making ishan hiss.

"Would you let him do this to you too?" Shubhman demanded huskily.

Ishan stare in shubhman's eyes with is clouded with someone unreadable. It's like something has possessed him. He is looking so unrecognisable right now.

Shubhman start leaving sniffing kisses on Ishan's whole face, while breathing heavily. He wants to show ishan that he belongs to shubhman only.

"You are MINE...you are not allowed to touch any man beside me...make this fit in your pretty brain,Jaan.." Shubhman growled dominantly in ishan's ear.

Ishan's heart dropped when he heard Shubhman's voice. He start struggling more in shubhman's hold.

"P-please Leave me shubh...this is w-wrong...you are drunk...leave me.." Ishan let out while his voice cracked because of controlling his tears.

" doesn't matter if i'm drunk or not because this still doesn't change the fact that You are Mine...Only mine.." Shubhman whispered,too lost in his anger and jealousy.

Ishan continuously shaked his head in no. This wrong, a man should not say something like this to another man, it's sin. He hate himself, when his heart still fluttered at shubhman's possessiveness.

Tears start rolling down from his eyes, Shubhman's eyes immediately softened when he saw tears in ishan's eyes, he immediately put his lips on Ishan's tears to stop them from rolling down from his cheek.

At the same moment, ishan pushed Shubhman away with full force, making Shubhman stumble a little.

Ishan wiped his tears harshly. Shubhman was about to approached him again but ishan raised his palm to stop him.

"Don't...Don't you dare.." Ishan shouted while crying.

With that, ishan run back inside club while wiping his tears, leaving Shubhman there.

Shubhman stared at ishan's fading back and kicked his car's tire in anger.

"Ahhhhhh...dammit!!" Shubhman screamed while gripping his hair in frustration.

"Fuck...I Love him"

That was Shubhman's only thought as he slid down and sit on the ground while leaning his back against car and tears start falling from his eyes.

_______________________________________Note:

I tried my best to write this chapter, well i'm not good with words and emotions.

So please tell How's this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************Ishan keep staring blankly at particular nothing with an expressionless face, it's like everything around him has faded. He didn't have that cheerful around him.

His mind keep replaying the club incident like broken tape. He didn't even realise that he was crying. He only realise it when he felt something wet on his cheeks. He hurriedly wiped them.

He was laying on his bed right now, yes Everyone has returned home except Shubhman.

And ishan is deep down worried for other's where being, as Shubhman was not in a good shape when he left him outside infront of car.

Ishan checked the time, it's showing 1:00 A.M, ishan was about to call him but stopped when he heard door opening.

Ishan hurriedly closed his eyes and turn other side, facing the wall. He clenched his bedsheet when he heard footsteps approaching.

The empty side of his bed dipped, and Shubhman slipped next to ishan and placed his arm round Ishan's waist to back cuddle him.

But something inside him broke, when he heard ishan's next sentence.

"Shubhman, go back to your bed.." Ishan said coldly, not even turning to look at shubhman.

It's feels so foreign to hear his full name from Ishan's mouth, and that cold voice hurted him more than any knife wound ever could.

Shubhman placed a sweet and gentle kiss on nape of Ishan's neck and took his hand back from Ishan's waist.

"Good night baby.." Shubhman mumbled while he voice cracked a little.

Then he get up and lay down on his own bed, back facing ishan's bed. He let his tears fall from his eyes, wetting the pillow.

"For you, i'm ready to get hurt a million times..." Shubhman thought to himself.

Ishan was no different, he hide his face in pillow and start sobbing silently while clutching his heart.

There is saying,

when you smile because ofSomeone, it's a special feelingbutWhen you cry for someone,~~ It'sLOVE!!~~...Next day*********Everyone can sense the tension between their youngsters. Both of them are unusually quite.

It's kind of wierd and shocking to see both of them like this. For the first time, anyone wasn't laughing or bickering on breakfast table.

Ishan wasn't eating, he just keep playing with food as if thinking something deeply

"Um..Rohit bhaiya?" Finally ishan called for rohit's attention.

"Yeah.." Rohit replied, and look back at ishan.

Ishan took a deep breath and said,

"I want to go back patna.."

As his words falls, the spoon from Shubhman's hand fell down making a loud clang sound.

Shubhman stare at ishan with hurt evident in his eyes, ishan can feel Shubhman's graze on himself but didn't look back at him.

"But why?" Everyone shouted in unison except Shubhman who was too shocked to say anything.

"It's nothing serious bhaiya, just want spend some time with my family...I kinda miss them..." Ishan said and tried gave them a smile,to ease their worry a little.

Before anyone could ask anything, Shubhman suddenly get up from his chair and walked to ishan.

He was thinking about giving some time to ishan before talking things out but looks likes now he directly have skip to talking part.

"We need to talk...right now..." Shubhman doesnt care about the looks he is getting from other members.

Shubhman's eyes only remain focused at ishan, who is not looking at him. Shubhman clicked his tongue in impatience and held Ishan's hand before making him stand.

"I don't want to talk with you..." Ishan said stubbornly, still looking down.

Shubhman glared at him,then did something unexpected, he lifted Ishan in bridal style, who stared at him in shock.

"Now you are looking at me huh?" Shubhman asked to him while gritting his teeth.

Ishan didn't reply to him, Shubhman then turn to look at other members.

"Sorry guys, but this is important..."

By saying this Shubhman left with ishan to their shared room.

Leaving members dumbfound at sudden turn of situation. Virat was about to fallow them but rohit held him back.

"They are not kids anymore...They can sort their fight..as senior we should give them their space..." Rohit said when virat gave him a confused look.

Virat know rohit is right, so in the end he didn't follow them.

Shubhmanwalked inside his room, with a struggling ishan in his hold. He closed the door with kick.

He throw ishan on his bed and hovered over him.

"Are you trying to run away from me? Didn't you said that you will always stay by my side, what happened to that promise now? Tell me !!" Shubhman shouted at ishan, feeling betrayed.

"W-what are you saying? Why would I run away from you.." Ishan replied while stuttering not looking in shubhman's eyes.

Shubhman gripped his chin and made ishan look at him.

" stop pretending like you are not aware about my feelings for you...and i know you also feel the same...then why are you not admitting it?! " Shubhman shouted again, while a tear of frustration fell from his eyes.

Ishan didn't said anything just stare at him with a pair of helpless eyes.

"You want me to say it right? Fine...I LOVE YOU ISHAN KISHAN...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THAT IT'S DRIVING ME INSANE,...I LOVE YOU MADLY, INSANELY, CRAZ-"

Ishan cut Shubhman's shouting.

"Stop it...stop it dammit!!." Ishan bit back his tears while covering his both ears with his hands, while shaking his head in no.

Shubhman grabbed his both hand and pinned them over Ishan's head and leaned close to ishan's face.

" I will never stop because i'm not afraid to accept my feeling for you but you are a coward and you know it. We both know you love me too, so stop lying to yourself!.. " Shubhman said in frustration.

"I don't Love you!!" The bitter lie flew from Ishan's lips as he desperately tired to pull his hand away from Shubhman's grip.

A hurt expression crossed Shubhman's eyes for a brief second before disappearing quickly.

Ishan thought that Shubhman will let him go now but other didn't do it instead he start leaning more close to ishan's lips.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly, his heart start beating fastly but Shubhman's lips never touched his.

Ishan opened his eyes and stare at shubhman who gave him a unimpressed look.

"You say you don't love me, then why your heart is beating so fast when i'm close to you like this? You are not good liar ish..," Shubhman said and shook his head.

"Why are you fighting with yourself baby? Why can't you accept your feelings for me?" Shubhman continue while his eyes turn teary, his voice was filled with vulnerability.

"Stop making it hard for me...this love don't have any future, please try to understand....you will eventually lose these feelings.." By now ishan was also crying badly.

"NO!! I'm not going to lose feelings, i'm not going to find someone else, because i have made up my mind, I want you, only you ish..no one else nothing else..." Shubhman shouted, he can't tolerate Ishan thinking this low about his feelings.

"What is the value of my life if you are in it but not capable of becoming it?. This stupid heart only beats for you, however if you can not accept it, I will shatter it...did you heart me ish?"

Shubhman didn't wanted to back down, he knows ishan loves him too, he will do anything to make ishan accept it.

Meanwhile, ishan become speechless because of shubhman's immense love for him.

"Is it even possible to love someone this much?"Ishan questioned himself.

He closed his eyes tightly, tears not stopping for even a second. He can't take this pain anymore, he can't lie to himself anymore.

Fuck indian society and their mindset.

"Why are you so stubborn?"

Before Shubhman could retort Ishan's statement, Ishan placed his lips on Shubhman's but he didn't move them, he just let them stay there.

Shubhman tightly held Ishan's both cheeks and start kissing ishan hungrily, pouring his anger, frustration, longing and love in that kiss. He start kissing ishan like his life depends on it maybe it did.

Ishan also didn't want him to feel that his kiss is unwelcomed, so he also kissed back Shubhman with same passion.

Shubhman pulled both of them in sitting position before making ishan sit on his lap, without breaking the aggressive kiss. Ishan wrapped his arms around Shubhman's neck and pulled Shubhman more close.

Shubhman bit his lower lips, seeking entrance, which ishan gladly given. Shubhman's tongue devoured every corner of Ishan's pretty mouth, making ishan moan a little.

And damn! That was the best music for Shubhman's ears, he felt himself losing his rationality.

Both of them pulled away because of oxygen lack but only to dive in for another kiss more greedily. This kiss was more rough and more needy, filled with desire.

Shubhman can never get enough of those juicy lips of ishan. He tastes like...madness, the type you can never get away from.

Shubhman didn't even care about air anymore, he keep sucking and kissing the life out of Ishan's soft lips. Ishan patted his shoulder, at lack of oxygen.

But Shubhman didn't stop and when ishan felt like he will faint due lack of oxygen, Shubhman finally broke the kiss.

Ishan leaned against Shubhman's chest and start inhaling oxygen hungrily, Shubhman caressed his hair to calm his breathing.

"Are you sure about it?" Ishan asked once his breathing become normal.

Shubhman looked down at him and said while gently caressing Ishan's swollen lips.

"I don't lie to myself ish...i know want my heart wants and it wants you, nothing else.."

Ishan nodded and placed his hand on Shubhman's heart, feeling the heartbeat.

"You have me, all of me till the day I die.." Ishan said gently, accepting his feelings.

Shubhman heart filled pride and happiness. He hugged ishan tightly,

"I want you longer than that.." Shubhman growled possessively.

"I Love you shubh so much,.." Ishan finally said those magical words.

Tears of happiness fell from Shubhman's eyes, he pulled ishan away from hug and cupped his face in his plam.

"Say...say that again please.." Shubhman asked desperately.

Ishan wiped shubhman's tears.

"I love you Shubhman Gill, with all my heart. And now Mentally, physically and emotionally, you own me. I belong to you, now and forever"Ishan said, eyes filled with pure love for Shubhman.

Shubhman start placing butterfly kisses all over Ishan's face, making smaller male broke into fits of giggles. Shubhman pecked his lips softly, before pulling away.

"I love you more ish. I'm in love with you, it probably began when you held my hand and told me you'd never leave my side on my first day. It's only heightened since then, i love all of you with all of me..." Shubhman exposed his all inner feelings infront of ishan.

Ishan hugged shubhman more tightly and snuggled more into his chest while Shubhman wrapped his arms around him protectively.

There was comfortable silence between them, as both of them enjoyed each other's embrace, with ishan in shubhman's lap.

Suddenly Shubhman remember something,

"Are you still going back to patna?!" He asked,

Ishan looked up at shubhman before giving him an innocent and naive smile.

" Ofcourse not, but now the problem is how will I explain this sudden change in plan to rohit bhaiya.."

"Your problem not mine..." Shubhman said while shrugging his shoulders.

Ishan hit his shoulder while giving him a look of disbelief.

"Didn't you said i'm yours... So my problems are also yours, Mr. Gill.."

Ishan said while glaring at him, looking anything but scary.

Shubhman cooed at his lover's cuteness before biting Ishan's left cheek, making ishan whine.

"You will be death for me, Mrs.Gill" Shubhman said while staring at ishan Lovingly.

And just like that, ishan turned red,looking replica of tomato, making Shubhman want to eat him alive.

Ishan immediately hided his face once again in shubhman's chest, making Shubhman chuckle at his adorable behaviour.

"I'm not your wife" Ishan's muffled voice complained.

"Yet.." Shubhman completed, earning a hard smack on his chest from ishan.______________________________________

Note:

Writing this chapter was kind of tough for me as this chapter has whole rollar coster ride of emotions.

Please share your views on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next chapter.Love you my dear readers.

Author's POV**************

In Rohit and Virat's shared room, rohit stare at duo, who is standing infront him, while giving most innocent smiles.

" so you are telling me, that now you don't want to go patna?" Rohit asked and raised his eyebrow at ishan.

Ishan nodded nervously. Rohit get up from his bed and walked to the duo.

"Why? not missing your family anymore?" Rohit asked looking serious.

Ishan gulped in fear, and Shubhman was about to jump in to save ishan from rohit, then suddenly they heard someone saying,

"Stop scaring the kid Ro..."

Everyone turn around, there stood virat at door. Shubhman and ishan sighed in relief, now rohit won't able to scold them.

Virat walked inside and stood infront of shubhman and ishan, acting like shield for them, and faced rohit.

Rohit scoffed at Virat's action and said,

"Stop acting like i'm bullying him...I was just asking okay?"

"Whatever... Ishu and shubi go back to your room.." Virat said, while ignoring rohit.

"Hey...i'm not done asking yet,.." Rohit protested.

"Ignore him...just do what i say.." Virat said, not bating an eye to rohit.

Both of them nodded and immediately run away from room.

Virat turn around and met with rohit's glaring eyes. Virat gave him a wide grin and side hugged him.

"I'm your captain you know?" Rohit said irritatedly.

"Aye aye captain... Now stop being grumpy.." Virat said while giving him a foolish smile.

"God...i'm done with you and your antics.." Rohit sighed and throw his hands in air dramatically.

"I know you love me.." Virat said cockily and wiggled his eyebrows at rohit.

Rohit couldn't help but roll his eyes at Virat's self obsession.

Ishan, start laughing loudly once both of them reached inside their room. Shubhman leaned against the near wall and stare at ishan Lovingly.

Ishan stopped laughing when he noticed Shubhman's graze on himself.

"Why are you looking at me like this?" Ishan asked while clicking his fingers at shubhman.

" You look too angelic while laughing...it's kinda hard to not stare at you.." Shubhman replied, still staring at other.

Ishan's heart did a flip at shubhman's adoration for him. No one other than shubhman can make him feel this much wanted.

Ishan walked to shubhman and stood only few inches away from him. He circled his arms around Shubhman's neck while Shubhman's hand automatically find it's way to ishan's waist.

Ishan tip-toed and nuzzled his nose agaist Shubhman's cheek, Shubhman's hold tightened a little on his waist.

"Shubh.." Ishan called softly.

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed, enjoying Ishan's touch.

"I think we should merge our bed now.." Ishan said and pulled two steps away from Shubhman.

Shubhman groaned a little at sudden loss of touch and nodded. Ishan laughed at his expressions. And both of them then walked towards their bed to join it. And just like that, the beds were merged.

Both of them lay on the bed while cuddling each other. Shubhman start playing with Ishan's long hair while ishan put his head on Shubhman's chest hearing his heartbeats.

"Do you think our teammates will be okay after knowing about us?" Suddenly ishan asked.

"I don't know but i think they will understand us, after all we are like family...and loving someone isn't crime.." Shubhman replied calmly.

"Hmm..." Ishan hummed,

Both of them had decided to not tell anyone about their relationship, right now. They want to tell other members on the right time....It's been two days since ishan and Shubhman has confessed to each other.

Right now Everyone is on the practice ground, busy with practice.

Rohit and virat stare infront of them, with a complicated expression on their faces.

"What do you think they are doing?" Rohit asked while frowning.

"I think he is teaching him how to hold it in a right position..." Virat replied with a thoughtful expression.

To which, rohit gave him a look before looking back in the same direction.

Finally he couldn't able to take it and shouted,

"Shubhman!! He know how to hold hisbat...he is batter for god sake!!"

Infront of him, Shubhman was back hugging ishan while holding Ishan's hands on bat handle.

Rohit don't know what both of them are doing but whatever it is,it's not practice for sure.

Ishan immediately pulled away from Shubhman's hold feeling embarrassed when he heard their captain. While Shubhman remained unbothered.

"Sometimes i really doubt  whether something is going on between you two..." Rohit said while shaking his head.

"NO!! There is nothing going on between us...Absolutely not!!" Ishan immediately opposed in a high pitch voice.

Shubhman slapped his own forehead. if this continues, then it won't take much time for others to find out about them.

Everyone start ishan with a raised an raised eyebrow, ishan really want to run away from there but ofcourse he can't.

"That was quite a high pitch tone ishu.." Hardik said while looking at him suspiciously.

Ishan gave him a sheepish smile while scratching the back of his neck, and glance at shubhman for help.

"Actually bhaiya...he has slight cold, that's why his voice is coming out like this.."

Shubhman lied with so much professionalism, that even Ishan believed him for a second.

"Oh..you should take care of yourself.." Virat said genuinely.

Shubhman side hugged ishan and pulled him close to himself by his shoulder, And Ishan gave him a look which means " Can't you take your hands off me atleast infront of others?"

Shubhman understand the meaning of Ishan's look but choose to ignore it, making ishan sigh at other's clingingness.

"Okay...Enough with talkings,let's get back to practice everyone..." Rohit said.

"Why you always keep nagging us about practice?" Hardik asked with a sigh.

To which rohit look at him as if he is the most dumbest  person on the earth.

"Because i'm your captain...And that's my job..now go back to your practice everyone..." Rohit replied, feeling done.

And with that Everyone resumed their practice once again while cursing rohit for being hitler in their mind.

Virat with Shubhman and ishan still stood there with rohit.

"And you two...practice separately, Shubhman go practice with kuldeep, and ishu you with Jadeja.." Rohit said while looking ishan and Shubhman.

Ishan nodded and was about to pull away from Shubhman's side hug but Shubhman tightened his hold on Ishan's shoulder, not letting ishan move.

"Shubh..Let me go.." Ishan whispered, as Rohit is looking at both of them with a frown.

Shubhman being stubborn, didn't let him go. Rohit sighed when he saw Shubhman's gloomy face.

"Look, I know you both are bestfriend and I don't have any issue with your closeness but on field you need to listen to me and take practice seriously and i'm saying this for your best only but If you are still being stubborn then I have to change your rooms, as i can tolerate anything but not laxity in practice...got it?" Rohit scolded Shubhman while frowning at his stubborn nature.

Shubhman kept his head low, while ishan felt bad for Shubhman, but he know Rohit is also right, They are getting distracted because of their new relationship, and this is affecting their practice.

"I'm Sorry bhaiya...this won't happen ever again," Shubhman said with gloomy voice and without waiting for anyone's reply he went away from there.

"Shubh!!" Ishan shouted but other didn't turn around and left to practice with kuldeep.

Ishan sighed and turn to look at rohit and virat..

"Sorry bhaiya for his behaviour..." By saying this ishan also left from there.

Rohit took a deep breath and closed his eyes while sighing. Virat patted his shoulder in comforting manner.

He opened his eyes after few minutes and stare at shubhman who is hitting ball aggressively, sending it flying in every direction.

Rohit then shifted his graze to virat, who is already looking at him.

" I overreacted, right? " rohit asked virat.

"A little.." Virat replied honestly, making rohit sigh.

"Don't feel bad...you were saying this only for his good...he will understand it for sure.." Virat comforted him.

Rohit gave him a smile, Virat is really his support system.

"Hmm.." Rohit said while humming.

And both of them also went back to their own practice.

After 1 hour, Everyone sat on the ground to rest after heavy practice. But someone was still practicing, it was no one other than shubhman.

Ishan stare at shubhman worriedly, he know Shubhman's passion towards cricket and after getting scolded by rohit, Shubhman must have felt disheartened.

"Go and stop him ishu...see kuldeep is on the verge of crying anytime now.." Surya said to him, while looking at scene infront of them.

Ishan looked a little hesitant, so he looked at Rohit for approval, Who also nodded. Ishan hurriedly get up run to shubhman.

"Bhaiya you go..i'll handle him.."ishu said to kuldeep once he reached there.

And kuldeep stare at him like he is his life saving angel. He can't even feel his arms after bowling continuously for 1 hour.

" thank you for saving me from this devil.." By saying this kuldeep literally run in the speed of light from there.

Ishan walked to shubhman and take off his helmet. He sighed when he saw other Drenched in sweat. He run his hand in shubhman's hair to set them a little.

"Stop going hard on yourself shubi, i'm worried..." Ishan said softly. And caressed shubhman's cheeks softly.

Shubhman removed Ishan's hands from his cheek, making ishan frowned a little.

"I'm sorry for making everyone worried about me ok!!.." Shubhman quite irritatedly and left from there.

Ishan felt hurt by Shubhman's behaviour but he consoled himself saying other is just frustrated. He took a deep breath and put a smile on his face and went back to where others were sitting.

"Where is he going?" Kl rahul asked looking at shubhman going out of ground.

"Oh bhaiya...he is feeling tired after practicing so he is going to take shower..." Ishan made up a believable lie.

"Oh okay..." Kl rahul nodded.

Ishan keep glancing the direction where Shubhman went, worriedly. Then suddenly ishan's phone dinged. Ishan opened his phone to check.

"Meet me in our room, in 5 minutes"- text from Shubhman.

Ishan hurriedly get up after reading the text.

" bhaiya...i'm also feeling tired so can I go to take rest?" Ishan asked rohit.

"Today's practice has ended..you can go and rest..." Rohit replied.

Ishan nodded and immediately run away from the ground. As they apartment is just beside practice ground, so he reached there in few minutes.

Ishan run on the stairs and finally stopped infront of his and shubhman's shared room. He took a deep breath to calm his fast breathing from running and slowly opened the door.

Ishan walked inside the room and saw Shubhman sitting on the bed while lowering his head. Ishan walked to shubhman and stood infront of him.

Shubhman looked up at ishan with tear filled eyes, making ishan worried to core. He immediately wiped shubhman's tears.

"What happened? Are you crying because of rohit bhaiya? Shubh he didn't meant anything bad...you clearly know he loves you as his child..." Ishan hurriedly said.

Shubhman didn't said anything.He hold ishan by his waist and pulled him on the bed before laying on top of him. He nuzzled his face in ishan's neck.

"I'm sorry baby...i'm really sorry for being a jerk earlier. I was angry at myself, i know it doesn't justify my rude behaviour towards you but believe me baby I never intended to hurt you..." Shubhman start apologizing to ishan.

Ishan start caressing Shubhman's hair softly and placed a kiss on his forehead.

"Stop saying sorry, I know you were just frustrated, it's okay and always remember i'm here for you..." Ishan said.

Shubhman nodded and start placing kisses on Ishan's neck, making ishan tighten his grip on Shubhman's hair.

"W-what are you doing?" Ishan asked.

"showing you how much sorry I am.." Shubhman replied huskily.

He start licking and biting Ishan's neck, he know Ishan's neck is sensitive. Ishan moaned a bit and turned his face side away, giving more access to shubhman.

Shubhman then start leaving kiss to ishan's jaw and finally he claimed those sinful lips of Ishan in a heated kiss. He start biting Ishan's lower lip.

"Don't... Don't bite, it will leave mark.." Ishan said after breaking the kiss forcefully.

"Let me tell you this, never break kiss in between when i kiss you or I will go more rough.." Shubhman said ordering tone, making ishan nod submissively And pulled ishan in another kiss.

Ishan's body shuddered when Shubhman's cold hand slipped inside his t-shirt and gripped his bare waist.

Shubhman start roaming his hand on Ishan's body while kissing ishan aggressively. Ishan tugged on Shubhman's hair while moaning, as Shubhman keep assaulting his lips.

Their whole room echoed with heavy breathing and wet sounds of kisses as both of them Indulged in their make out session.

_______________________________________Note:

Firstly sorry for this boring chapter as i sucks at writing romance, so please bear with me.

And don't forget to share your views on this chapter and please vote if you like the chapter.

See you soon in the next update.

Author's POV**************

Shubhman stared at sleeping face of ishan. He took his sweet time in tracing every little detail of Ishan's face by his eyes. He can do this for hours and still won't get tired of staring at ishan.

He gently sucked on Ishan's already swollen lips,making ishan move a little in sleep. Shubhman pulled away, not wanting to disturb Ishan's sleep.

Suddenly he heard a faint knock on his door, he gently pulled away from Ishan's grasp and put a pillow on his place. Ishan immediately snuggled to the soft pillow in his sleep.

Shubhman then walked to door and opened the door slowly, he frowned when he saw Rohit infront of door.

"What happened bhaiya? Do you need something?" Shubhman asked while coming out of room and closing the door behind.

Rohit stare at him with a awkward smile, while Shubhman patiently waited for rohit to speak.

"I can't do this...i'm captain for god sake..." Rohit thought and was about to turn his heels to go back but stopped when Virat's warning ringed in his mind.

"If you come back without talking things out with Shubhman, then I will not open the door for you..."

Fuck captain's pride, He don't want to sleep in living room, thinking this he faced Shubhman again who is giving him a confused look.

"Look i'm not going to beat around the bush..let me get straight to thisz I'm sorry for overreacting in field today..." Rohit said everything in one go.

Shubhman laughed a little at rohit's tensed expressions.

"Bhaiya you are our captain, and i'm not angry or anything at you, I know you only want best for me and whole team, so chill..." Shubhman said while smiling softly.

Rohit immediately felt a lot lighter, and a small smile appeared on his lips.

"So we are cool now?" Rohit asked.

To which Shubhman hugged him, rohit looked a little startled but hugged him back and patted his back.

"Ofcourse bhaiya...now virat bhai won't scold you.." Shubhman said while teasing and pulled away from hug.

Rohit immediately scowled at him and smacked his head.

" yeah yeah, you are his favourite child after all, he always support you and scolds me because of you..." Rohit huffed irritatedly.

Suddenly rohit's phone ringed. He checked the caller id and Shubhman can tell by the look on rohit's face that it's his wife, ritika.

"I need to take this call,..." Rohit said, earning a nod from Shubhman.

Rohit patted his shoulder for one last time and went away from there while talking on the phone.

Shubhmanopened the door and walked inside, only to find ishan wide awake, sitting on the bed with his messy bed hairs.

"Where did you go leaving me alone on our bed? " Ishan asked while rubbing his eyes.

Shubhman get on the bed, and held Ishan's hand, stopping him from rubbing his eyes more.

"Don't rub it or else your eyes will turn redish...." Shubhman said softly.

Ishan hummed, still looking half sleepy. Shubhman kissed his forehead tenderly.

"Wake up baby...Let's go out for dinner" shubhman said.

Within a second, Ishan's sleepiness went flying away from the window. He immediately become excited, before giving a flirty look to shubhman.

"Are you asking me on a date, Mr.Gill?" Ishan asked teasingly,

"Ofcourse...It's our first official date as a couple, so hurry and get ready, till then im going to inform rohit and virat bhaiya about our plan.." Shubhman replied.

Ishan smiled and hurriedly get up from bed and start searching something good to wear on his first date. And Shubhman went out to inform others about their plan.

After 20 minutes, ishan finally selected a suitable dress for himself, he also picked clothes for Shubhman as always and put them on the bed before going in bathroom to change.

Soon, he come out and stood infront of mirror and start getting ready. He generally didn't pay any mind to looks but today is special. He wants to look best for Shubhman.

( Ishan's date outfit )

Ishan picked the perfume to spray but stopped midway as he stare in the mirror.

"Take a picture, it will last long" Ishan said cheekily before spraying the perfume.

"Not a bad idea!!"

Shubhman, who was leaning against the door, said and let out a low laugh before walking inside.

"Your clothes are on bed, and what did bhaiya said?" Ishan asked and turn around to look at shubhman.

"What a caring wife I have! and rohit bhaiya said we can go out to eat but virat bhaiya said we must return before 10:30 P.M.." Shubhman said and picked his clothes from bed.

"You are growing a little too comfortable with that nickname for my liking..." Ishan said when he heard Shubhman referring him as his "wife" once again.

"I use it to remind you of your place..." Shubhman answered.

"And what's that ?" Ishan asked while raising his eyebrow.

"Mine!!" Shubhman replied seriously.

Ishan didn't said anything as liked the feeling of being owned by Shubhman. He just nodded, making Shubhman smile.

With in few minutes, Shubhman also get ready while ishan gave him his wallet and watch, which Shubhman took with a smile.

( Shubhman's date outfit )

"I think we should skip dating part and directly jumped to getting married what say?" Shubhman asked out of blue.

To which ishan gave him tight lipped smile before saying,

"And Who told you that i will marry you?" Ishan teased him.

But Shubhman's expression changed, he took one step closer to ishan and bend a little to ishan's level, staring right into ishan's soul.

"Because Marrying me is not an option jaan, it's a Fucking reality. You have to marry me...or else I have others ways too..." Shubhman replied mysteriously.

Ishan felt a shiver running down his spine but he composed himself.

"Woah...you are sounding like a creep!!" Ishan exclaimed while laughing lightly and slapped his arm.

But Shubhman eyes remained focused on Ishan.

"Oh, he thinks i'm kidding.." Shubhman thought feeling amused at other's naive mind.

He will do anything to keep this precious soul by his side for, forever. He won't let anyone snatch Ishan away from him, not even ishan himself.

"Shubh if you are done then, Let's go i'm so excited here..." Ishan said literally jumping on his toes.

Shubhman come out from his thoughts and smiled at his excitement.

"Let's go then, my excited baby..." Shubhman answered.

And with that, ishan dashed out from the room, Shubhman shake his head at other's antic and followed him...."Where are we going?" Ishan asked impatiently.

He is asking the same question for the nth time now. He hate suspense because he can't control his curiosity.

"You will know when we reach there.." Shubhman replied while focusing on road.

Ishan huffed at him and start looking outside from car window. Shubhman smiled a little and continue driving to god knows where.

After 30 minutes, Shubhman finally stopped the car infront of five star restaurant and both of them get down from the car.

Ishan stare at the big restaurant in awe. Shubhman held his hand, ishan was about pull his hand away, afraid of being seen by anyone but Shubhman only tightened his hold around his wrist.

"Shubh what if someone saw us?" Ishan asked worriedly.

"You don't need worry about that...now let's go inside.." Shubhman replied with smile.

Ishan nodded hesitantly, looking here and there. Both of them made their way inside.

A staff come to attend them and lead them to the their table.

( Their table with same view )

Ishan frowned a little when he didn't saw anyone except some staff. It's a famous restaurant so how come it's so empty now?

"Please take you seat sir...your meal and drinks will be delivered shortly..." That staff said will bowing.

Shubhman nodded and that staff left from there. He lead ishan to his chair and pulled the chair for him like gentleman.

"Woah-you have this side too?" Ishan asked while chuckling.

"I have many sides baby, gradually you will get to know all of them.." Shubhman replied and winked at him.

"Sure..." Ishan nodded and sit on the chair.

Shubhman then went across the table and sit on the other chair, both of them facing each other.

"So you liked it here?" Shubhman asked.

"Ofcourse shubi..I loved it, the view from here is so beautiful..." Ishan squealed while clasping his hands together.

Soon their meal was served on the table. Both of them start enjoying their meal with small talks and laughter in between.

"By the way, why this whole restaurant is empty?" Suddenly ishan asked.

This sudden question caught Shubhman off guard and he ended up choking on his food. He start coughing badly.

Ishan gave him a glass of water,who immediately took it. Ishan keep looking at him with narrow eyes. Suddenly his eyes widened when he come to an conclusion.

"Don't tell me..." Ishan set loudly while glaring at shubhman in disbelief.

Shubhman gave him the most innocent smile. Making ishan sigh irritatedly. Now he understand what Shubhman meant by "You don't have to worry about that".

"Are you nuts? You booked the whole restaurant? Why?" Ishan asked while huffing.

"I didn't wanted anyone to disturb our quality time okay!!" Shubhman immediately defended himself.

Ishan stare at him feeling lack of words. He facepalmed himself.

" What should i do with you.." Ishan said feeling done with other's actions

Shubhman held his hand and stare at him,

"Just love me forever and Leave everything else to me..." Shubhman replied seriously.

Ishan get up a little from his chair and leaned close to shubhman's face before placing a sweet kiss on Shubhman's forehead, it's not like anyone will see them now, thanks to shubhman.

As he was about pull away, Shubhman gripped his neck and claimed Ishan's lips with his own. Ishan's eyes widened but soon he melted in the kiss and kissed shubhman back.

After 5 minutes, Shubhman break the kiss and ishan hurriedly sit back on his chair, with flushed cheeks. He was breathing a little heavily.

"Why i'm feeling like you are getting shameless?" Ishan asked once his breathing get stable.

To which Shubhman licked his own lips and smirked before replying,

"What can i do,you are just so irresistible.."

"See...see this is what i was talking about..." Ishan said with a flushed face.

Shubhman broke into fits of laughter. Ishan picked the fork and pointed it at him as if threatening him to stop laughing.

"Sorry... But i just can't help it, you are too cute for my poor heart..." Shubhman cooed while trying his best to control his laugh.

Ishan huffed and start munching the food with a pout, looking so fluffy and small. Shubhman just put his chin on his palm and start admiring the finest work of god, which is made only and solely for him, for Shubhman Gill.

Right nowShubhman and ishan is walking on the road side, beside each other, enjoying the night. Actually after leaving the restaurant, ishan wanted to go on a night walk.

Their car is parked just a short distance away from them.

Their hands brushed against each other, ishan really wants to hold his hand but there are people around them, so he hesitated a little.

But soon, he felt a warm and big hand holding his hand and intertwining their fingers together. Ishan stared at shubhman's side profile and smiled a little.

They didn't said anything, just enjoyed each other's presence, sometimes words are not necessary, as actions speaks louder.

Suddenly with a loud thunder sound, rain start falling heavily, catching both of them off guard.

"Run shubh.." Ishan shouted while covering his head with other hand.

And with that both of them start running towards their car. By the time they reached to their car, they were already Drenched in rain.

Both of them get inside the car and closed the door and windows. Shubhman turn on the heater of the car while Ishan hurriedly took off his danim.

" How did it start raining suddenly? " ishan asked while running his hands through his wet hairs.

"Mumbai's traffic and rain, both are unpredictable...." Shubhman replied with a chuckle while taking his own jacket off.

Shubhman looked at ishan to say something but stopped when he saw the sight infront of him.

Ishan's wet white tshirt was stuck on his body, making ishan's body visible through tshirt. A drop of water trailed from Ishan's jaw to his neck before disappearing inside his tshirt.

Shubhman felt his throat go dry at the sinful sight and his eyes darkened with desire. He clenched his fist tightly to control the beast inside him.

Ishan frowned at shubhman's tensed expressions. He placed his hand on Shubhman's cheeks and asked,

"What are you thinking shubh?"

Shubhman felt his whole body at fire when ishan touched him. Oh how bad he wants to jump on ishan and take him right there and here. Maybe he is really getting shameless as ishan said.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm his animalistic thoughts as he don't want to scare ishan, he know ishan needs time.

After few deep breathes, he opened his eyes and saw Ishan's worried face.

"Nothing ish...I just got a little spaced out for a moment..." Shubhman tried to ease Ishan's worries.

Ishan nodded and pulled away his hand from Shubhman's cheek and Shubhman almost let out a disappointed whine at loss of Ishan's touch.

Shubhman attention diverted when his phone ringed. He check the caller i'd before picking up. He put it on the speaker.

"Hello virat bhaiya..." He said on the phone.

"Shubh where are you guys? It's raining heavily outside, members are getting worried..both of you didn't get wet in rain right?" Virat's worried voice come from other side.

" A little bhaiya but we are in car right now, will be at apartment in 30 to 40 minutes..." This time ishan said.

"Oh okay...Come back but as roads are wet and rain is heavy, so drive safely... no need to hurry..." Virat said like a concerned mother hen.

"Sure bhaiya..." Shubhman replies and ended the call.

"Looks like our date ends here..." Shubhman said and started the car engine.

"And I enjoyed every bit of it, thanks for another wonderful night..." Ishan said and as reward he gave a quick peck on his cheek.

"Just a little peck? At least give a proper kiss, lips to lips.." Shubhman said.

"Why are you so obsessed with my lips?" Ishan couldn't help but ask.

" You won't understand...Your lips are just so addicting and tempting, it's like they always beg me to kiss the hell out of them..." Shubhman replied as his eyes remain fixed on Ishan's lips.

Ishan immediately covered his lips with his one hand and smacked Shubhman's cheeks lightly and said,

" Pay attention on the driving, not on my lips, Mr. ShubhmanPervertGill..."

______________________________________

Note:

Update is here, my lovely reader.

Please share you views on this chapter in comments and don't forget to vote if you like the chapter.

See you soon in next chapter.Love you all guys.❤️☺️

Author'sPOV**************

Shubhman was laying on bed while closing his eyes, alone as ishan is with virat and rohit. But next moment he opened his eyes with frustrated groan.

No matter what, whenever he close his eyes, Ishan's sinful body from last night flash before his eyes, those wet hair and eyelashes, those trembling lips because of shivering, all of these are making him loose his mind.

He has always had good self control  but Ishan's mere existence is making him question everything.

After thinking something for few seconds, He reached out for his laptop which was on the nightstand table and opened it.

He, with a little hesitant fingers, typed something, in the google search bar before clicking on enter.

As it loaded, shubhman suddenly closed the laptop with thump and put the laptop back to it's place, without closing the loaded page.

He ruffled his hair in frustration before covering his face with his both palms.

"What the fuck is wrong with me? Didn't I agreed on giving some time to ish, then why i'm behaving like a horny teenager?"

Shubhman rubbed his face before getting up from bed.

"I need some fresh air to distract myself.." Shubhman mumbled before existing the room and making his way towards rooftop.

At the exact moment,ishan opened the door of their shared room, and walked inside.

He frowned when he didn't saw Shubhman in room.

"Shubh!! Are you in bathroom?" Ishan shouted but didn't get any reply.

"He is not in the room? Looks like he has gone somewhere..." Ishan muttered to himself.

"But what about me now? No one have time for me, first vi and ro bhaiya, now my own boyfriend...i'm feeling bored, bored!!" Ishan whined.

Ishan huffed and sit on the bed while crossing his arms over his chest. He is feeling beyond bored. Suddenly his eyes fall on Shubhman's laptop, his eyes lightened up.

"Let's watch a movie!!" Ishan thought and immediately picked the laptop.

He excitedly opened the laptop, only to froze the next second. His eyes widened as he read the name of one of website of loaded page.

"G-Gay p*rn!!..but why he searched these? Maybe shubh wants to take our relationship on next step?!" Ishan let out while stuttering in disbelief.

He was about to throw the laptop away in panic but paused. He bit his lips in nervousness. It's not like he don't want it, he do but the thing is he don't know how things works between same gender.

He stare at the screen, a little hesitant. He is getting curious about it.

As they say curiosity kills the cat.

So after thinking for few minutes, he finally clicked on the website and searched for his headphone before plugging them in his ears.

As he continue watching his whole body flushed in deep shade of red. It felt like his body was on a hot lava. He start feeling a little uncomfortable in his pants.

Finally he couldn't able watch it anymore and immediately exited from the website before deleting the search history and turn off the laptop then put it back with shaking hands.

He unplugged his headphones. His breathing was ragged and uneven, his whole face was red. He gulped as can't believe what he just saw. He looked down and cursed faintly when he saw a visible bulge in his pant.

He hurriedly get up and run inside bathroom, to take a cold shower. He really need it to calm the burning desire between his thighs.

It's already evening,Right now Shubhman is roaming more like searching here and there in whole apartment with a frowned face.

He didn't saw ishan since practice, It's like ishan is deliberately not wanting to come infront of him.

He don't want to think negatively but for some reason, he is getting a feeling that Ishan is avoiding him.

Since the moment he come down from rooftop, he noticed how ishan is behaving a little strange, like whenever shubhman touches him or tried to get a little intimate with him, ishan immediately turn stiff and tensed. And Shubhman isn't happy about this observation of his, not at all.

Shubhman come out of his thoughts when, he saw virat coming in his direction. He hurriedly approached virat.

"Bhaiya...do you know where ishan is?" He asked urgently.

"Kind of strange that you are asking me about his whereabouts, because usually we ask you that question...." Virat said, looking a little amused.

"Bhaiya please...I need to talk with him about something urgently..." Shubhman asked impatiently.

"Fine...i saw him going towards gym room, like 15 minutes ago...by the way what-"

Virat couldn't able to complete his sentence as now Shubhman is nowhere in sight.

"Woah- does he teleported?!" Virat exclaimed, astonished.

Virat shook his head and left from there.....Shubhmanstood infront of Gym room. He pushed opened the door of gym and walked inside.

He saw ishan running on Treadmill, Drenched in sweat and walked to him. Ishan smiled once he saw him.

"5 minutes more..." Ishan said while pointing at treadmill.

Shubhman nodded and went to sit on the floor, in a corner. He stare at ishan's sweat drenched back, his tshirt was wet because of sweating.

Ishan's heavy breathing and little groans were the only sound that can be heard in there. As it was empty, his breathing sound of echoing in whole gym room.

Shubhman's mind couldn't help but wandered somewhere else. He clenched his fist, when he felt himself getting turned on by the sounds made by ishan while exercising.

Suddenly a thought invaded his mind without his permission,

"Will his breathing become heavy like this too, when i will thrust deep inside him?"

Shubhman's body shivered at that thought. He shook his head to make his thoughts disappear.

He hurriedly rearranged his thoughts when he saw ishan approaching him. He opened his leg in V shape and pulled Ishan before making him sit between Shubhman's legs.

Ishan leaned his back against Shubhman's chest.

Shubhman smiled and wrapped his arms around Ishan's waist, not minding Ishan's sweaty body.

"What are doing here alone?" Shubhman asked softly.

"Actually i'm staring to get tired easily during practice, so i'm trying to increase my stamina...and you know fitness coach said my stamina has increased by a lot..." Ishan said and looked up at shubhman.

"Good stamina huh? Beneficial for me in future.." Shubhman thought smirking Mentally.

"I'm great right?" Ishan asked, eyes screaming *compliment me*.

Shubhman chuckled fondly.

"Yes..my baby is best, no one stand a chance infront of you,.." Shubhman praised whole heartily, as he know ishan loves compliments.

Ishan jumped in excitement between his legs,making Shubhman's hold tightened around his waist. He leaned a little close to ishan's neck.

"Stop moving and sit still..." Shubhman warned in a little hoarsely near Ishan's ear while tracing Ishan's neck with his nose.

And with that, Ishan's whole body jolt a little and turn stiff. Shubhman immediately frowned in displeasure.

This thing is getting out of hand, he need to talk with ishan. This can't go on like this.

"Did i do something wrong?" Shubhman asked.

Ishan shook his head in no. While lowering his head. Shubhman sighed before pinching Ishan's chin and tilting it to make other face him.

"I know i'm overly clingy, i always hug you and touch you without your permission, i'm sorry if my touches made you feel uncomfortable, i'm really sorry, I didn't meant to-"

Shubhman's rambling come to an end when ishan pressed his lips against Shubhman's, quickly packing his lips before pulling away.

He cupped Shubhman's cheeks and caressed his cheeks softly,

"Never...your touches can never make me feel uncomfortable shubh. I'm all yours, you have every right to touch me.." Ishan replied in a serious voice, looking in shubhman's eyes.

Relief wash over Shubhman, as he heard Ishan's words. He grabbed Ishan's hand and pressed his lips against it.

"then why are you avoiding my touches?" Shubhman asked, looking a little hurt.

Ishan immediately felt a pang of guilt when he saw Shubhman's hurt expression. He start playing with his fingers, not knowing how to tell Shubhman.

"Actually...I used your laptop today and maybe you forgot to exit your loaded page, and I let my curiosity win and s-saw a Gay P*rn video..." Ishan stopped in between to check Shubhman's expression.

Shubhman cursed himself mentally for his carelessness, but didn't show any expression.

"Continue.." That was the only word Shubhman said.

"In that video...two..two males were having.. S-sex. While watching that video i keep thinking about you all those things...things to me..." Ishan start stuttering very badly, eyes not meeting Shubhman.

Shubhman start breathing heavily, his hold on Ishan's waist tightened more, it will leave bruise later for sure. He start nuzzling his face in Ishan's crook of neck.

"Keep going ish..." Shubhman mumbled huskily against his neck.

Ishan gulped nervously and continued,

"I keep imagining how you..will also touch my body everywhere,kissing and sucking every inch of my body and how you will put yourthatin my-" ishan's voiced cracked at the end of the sentence.

His eyes turn teary, soon tears start falling from his eyes. He start sobbing while covering his face. Making Shubhman worried to his core.

Shubhman immediately removed Ishan's hands and uncover his face before holding his face.

"What happened baby? Why are you crying? Tell me" Shubhman worriedly asked..

Ishan's sob slow down, he start sniffing and look at shubhman.

"I'm sorry for imaging you in that inappropriate way...i'm really sorry. I was guilty that's why i tried to avoid your touch, because whenever you touch me, those things again flash before my eyes...i'm really sorry.." Ishan said while sniffing, looking damn adorable.

Shubhman smiled at his innocent and pure mind. He placed a gentle kiss on Ishan's right wet eyelashes before doing same on the left.

"Ish...There is nothing wrong about having sexual thoughts or desire about your partner, I also have those thoughts about you...you don't even know how hard it is for me to control myself from jumping on you here and there..." Shubhman said softly and placed a kiss on his forehead too and let his lips linger there.

Ishan closed his eyes to enjoy the affection given by Shubhman. Few minutes later, Shubhman pulled away but ishan immediately wrapped his arms around Shubhman's neck and with a swift moment he climbed on the Shubhman's lap.

Shubhman looked a little taken back at ishan's sudden action before placing his hands on Ishan's waist and make ishan more comfortable on his lap.

"Take me shubh, make me yours completely.." Ishan said boldly while tracing Shubhman's jaw by his finger.

"You are just so painfully seductive,ish.." Shubhman groaned loudly.

It was the last straw, Shubhman couldn't take it anymore. His expression darkened with lust and love. Ishan got scared for a second as Shubhman is looking like a predator who is ready to eat his prey alive.

Ishan let out a surprised yelp when Shubhman with a sudden move, pinned him on the the floor before hovering over ishan completely.

Shubhman eyes remained fixed on Ishan's face while his hand made it's way inside ishan's tshirt. Ishan's heart start beating fast in anticipation.

Shubhman's hand roamed on Ishan's bare skin. Ishan suddenly hissed in pain when Shubhman pinched his right nippal. Shubhman smirked in satisfaction before lifting the tshirt over Ishan's chest.

Shubhman felt himself salivating at the sight infront of him. Ishan's tanned body was begging Shubhman to sparkle it with his saliva, thinking like this Shubhman leaned close to his body to do the same.

While Ishan's heart was about to burst out because of shubhman's intense eyes on his body. He is feelings nervous, not knowing what will happen now.

Shubhman start biting and kissing wetly on Ishan's upper body, making ishan moan helplessly. Ishan threaded his fingers in shubhman's hairs while arching his back because of pleasure.

Feeling encouraged by Ishan's moans, Shubhman continued his work on Ishan's tanned skin. After 5 minutes, he pulled away to stare at his work on Ishan's body.

He felt damn satisfied when he saw Ishan's already ruined state, breathless and covered with his saliva and marks.

Now he is looking like he belongs to Shubhman Gill.

It didn't even started and ishan is already looking so overwhelmed because it. Shubhman felt proud to be the reason behind ishan's this state.

Shubhman leaned down once again and this time pulled ishan in heated and rough kiss, he bit on Ishan's lower lip, making ishan hiss, taking it as a chance, Shubhman's tongue entered inside Ishan's mouth.

Ishan start hungrily sucking on Shubhman's tongue, their saliva mixing with each other. Ishan moaned loudly in shubhman's mouth when, he felt Shubhman thrusting his clothed erection on his clothed hole.

Shubhman groaned at the friction down there and gave another hard thrust without breaking the kiss for a second.

After kissing each other for next 10 minutes, Shubhman finally broke the kiss, leaving ishan a breathing mess. He put his face in Ishan's neck, placing feathery kisses there.

"Why did you stop? I'm ready for you shubh.. You can have me, all of me, you don't need to hold yourself back.." Ishan asked while catching his breath as he caressed Shubhman's hair.

Shubhman stop kissing and look back at ishan's face. He smiled before saying,

"I know baby...but I don't just want to have sex with you, I want tomakelovewith you. I want to worship every inch of your body. And I want our first time to be special, not in some gym room..."

Ishan nodded his head and with the help of shubhman, ishan get up from laying position. He hugged Shubhman tightly burying his face into Shubhman's chest.

"Just know that i'm always ready for you.." Ishan mumbled softly.

"Hmm...and I don't want wait anymore, so i'm giving you 24 hours to Mentally and physically prepare yourself because after 24 hours, i won't stop, as it so painful to burn with desire to touch you but couldn't able to do it..." Shubhman said letting his every word sink in Ishan's soul.

Ishan clenched Shubhman's tshirt in a fist tightly when he heard him,Before nodding his head, feeling both nervous and excited at the same time.

_______________________________________Note:

Okay as its my first time writing mature scene, so please forgive me if it's not upto your expections.

And please share your views in comment and vote if you like the chapter.

Just found this post on insta so decide to share it with you all too, it's too cute for my poor heart 😭😫.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

Those 24 hours went by like 24 minutes. It was already night. Time is indeed fast when one is nervous.

They was a thick sexual tension between ICT's youngsters. Even a blind would able to see that something is going on between them. But rohit and virat were oblivious to everything.

Right now everyone is sitting in living room with ishan and Shubhman, sitting beside each other as usual. They are making plans about a movie night.

"How about a horror movie?" Hardik suggested looking at everyone creepily.

"YES!!" Everyone shouted excitedly.

"NO!!" Virat and Kl shouted together at the same time, feeling shivers in their spine.

Hardik was about to say something but surya gave him a look which means, "let me handle it" and faced the duo.

"Aww...the king kohli and klassy rahul are scared of horror movie?! Tsk tsk.."  Surya commented while looking at them in disappointment.

"Shut up..who's scared? i'm not.." Virat hurriedly defended himself and composed his expressions.

"Yeah,im not too, you want to watch horror movie right... So let's watch it.." Kl rahul also joined, looking determined.

To which hardik clapped his hands excitedly. Jadeja was about to turn on the T.V but Shubhman stopped him.

"Bhaiya...actually i'm feeling damn sleepy, so I won't be able to watch movie with you guys...i'm going in my room to sleep..." Shubhman said while stretching his hands tiredly.

"It's okay...have a good night.." Rohit said.

Shubhman nodded and gave a side glance to ishan before going upstairs. Ishan start playing with his fingers nervously,

hardik noticed his nervousness and said with an weird smirk on his face,

"I guess you are also feeling sleepy ishu...you can go and sleep..."

Ishan looked a little startled but still replied,

"Actually yes bhaiya...but I don't want to spoil everyone's mood..."

"Stop overthinking... Go and have agreatnight!!" Hardik said smiling a little too sweetly.

Everyone stare at hardik weirdly, not understanding what he is trying to say.

"Huh?" Ishan let out confusingly.

"I mean good night...Have a good night" hardik hurriedly corrected himself.

Ishan nodded then he also left from there, heading towards upstairs.

Hardik smiled a little and turn around to met by everyone's questioning graze.

"What?, stop looking at me like that and what are you waiting for jaddu? Turn on the tv..." Hardik said and totally ignored others graze....Ishan with slow and nervous steps approached their shared room. He keep biting his lips in nervousness.

He had entered this room many times before but today it feels totally different. He was feeling giddy in his stomach.

"Ish...how long are you planning to stand infront of door?" Suddenly Shubhman's impatient voice come from inside.

Ishan took a deep breath after hearing Shubhman and hesitantly, pushed open the door and walked inside before closing the room behind.

Ishan walked to shubhman, who was sitting on the bed with his feet touching floor.

Ishan frowned when he saw Shubhman's close eyes. He stood infront of shubhman and asked,

"Why are you closing your eyes?"

Shubhman looked up, still closed eyes. He reached to ishan's waist and hugged him while leaning his head on Ishan's stomach.

"I don't want to scare you ish..." Shubhman let out softly.

Ishan caressed his hair, while smiling.

"I can never be scared of you shubh, please look at me,..." Ishan said softly.

Although ishan said that, the moment Shubhman opened his eyes and looked at him, ishan felt shiver run down his spine.

Shubhman eye's were musky and dark, grazing at him like a carnivore who was about to devour a flesh. Ishan had never seen Shubhman like this, like a merciless beast.

"See...I knew you can't handle the insanity in my eyes for you.." Shubhman said when he saw Ishan's shocked face.

Ishan didn't said anything before leaning and placing his lips on those eyes.

"It's not that i'm scared...it just i'm surprised to see your all emotions raw in your eyes first time..."  Ishan answered once he pulled away.

Shubhman stare at him and nuzzled his face in Ishan's stomach.

"Tell me ish you want me too...because i'm going crazy here..."

Although ishan had made clear that he is ready but still Shubhman want to hear it now, as Ishan's consent matters the most.

"I want you as much as you want me...i want to feel owned by you completely...I want you to take me.." Ishan replied without any hesitation.

But ishan hadn't expected to attacked by Shubhman as finished his words. Shubhman with a swift move throw ishan on the bed, before completely hovering over him.

" I love you so much ish..." Shubhman said while staring in Ishan's eyes.

To which ishan smiled before saying,

"I love you too shubh.."

( Warning: SMUT Ahead, if you are uncomfortable with it, you can skip smut part.

A/n: ye log nhi karenge skip, koi fayda nhi hai warning ka. 😒😒)

And just like that their lips met in a kiss. Both of them start moving their lips slowly but as time passes, kiss tuned aggressive and needy in a minute.

Shubhman start sucking Ishan's upper lip while ishan did same with Shubhman's lower lip. Shubhman squeezed Ishan's waist tightly, while kissing him passionately. He can kiss ishan all time because he can never get enough of those lips.

Ishan tapped on his shoulder at lack of air, Only then Shubhman pulled away from kiss. Ishan stare dizzily at shubhman, he start catching his breath but his breathe got stuck once again when Shubhman attacked his neck hungrily.

"Ahh..." Ishan moaned with a hiss when Shubhman bit his neck.

Ishan tilted his head, giving full exccess to shubhman, who snuggled more in his neck, and trailed his lips on Ishan's neck.

Ishan moaned in pleasure as Shubhman on a specific spot.

Shubhman pulled away from his neck and stare at ishan, who is breathing heavily right now.

Shubhman's eyes darkened more, nothing matters to him now, he want ishan, he wants to make him, his forever.

And if anyone denies, he has other ways, not so perfect one.

He was about to take off Ishan's clothes but ishan stopped him while lowering his head.

Shubhman knitted his eyebrows.

"What happened love?" Shubhman's deep yet soft was filled with concerned.

Ishan start biting his lower lips in nervousness. He was always confident about his body and looks but now he is feel self conscious.

Shubhman gently hold Ishan's chin, making his head up.

"Listen baby...you are most beautiful thing,i have ever laid my eyes on...and you have to trust me on that..." Shubhman said softly once he understood Ishan's worries.

And to say, ishan fell in love with Shubhman even deeper, would be understandable. Shubhman pulled him in a gentle kiss, ishan was too lost in the soft kiss, that he didn't notice Shubhman's hands working on his clothes.

And soon ishan was laying only in his boxers, shubhman broke the kiss and ishan covered his body with hands.

"With or without clothes, you are the prettiest baby..." Shubhman's soft voice assured him while removing Ishan's hands.

Ishan gulped as Shubhman intense eyes start admiring his body, making him feel so small and fragile under his graze.

Shubhman start admiring his tanned yet soft body and those buds on his chest.

His hand found their way to ishan's boxers, he looked at ishan as if asking for permission. Ishan nodded shyly.

Shubhman placed a kiss on Ishan's forehead and removed his boxers, leaving ishan all naked. His hard length was already dripping pre-cum.

Ishan looked so ethereal and temptating.

Ishan was looking just like a fallen angel, laying on the white bedsheet. He was an art which Shubhman wants to paint for life time.

Shubhman felt the luckiest to call this beautiful art as his.

Shubhman bended down and start leaving dark hickeys on Ishan's chest. His teeths tugged on Ishan's left bud while his hand massager other bud while pinching, making ishan moan loudly.

Then Shubhman's lips trailed to ishan's chest tattoo. He start kissing it letter by letter, gently caressing it.

"These tattoos make you more breathtaking than you already are..." Shubhman mumbled in between kissing.

He straightened and start removing his own clothes, along side with his pants and boxers.

Ishan's breath hitched when he saw Shubhman's godly gorgeous body. His eyes couldn't help but widened when he saw Shubhman's big length, which is already rock hard, asking for attention.

"If this thing enters me...i will definitely fall apart..." Ishan thought while gulping  in fear.

Ishan instinctively backed away a little, Shubhman chuckled at his reaction before gripping his thighs aggressively and pulled ishan towards himself.

"Where are you going baby? I haven't even started yet..." Shubhman smoky voice chuckled huskily.

By saying this, Shubhman spread Ishan's legs wide and bend down a little more. His mouth find it's way to ishan's red hole.

He start running his tongue around it, teasing ishan purposely.

"Nngh...d...don't-"

Before ishan could protest, Shubhman's hot tongue entered inside his hole. He start eating him out like a prey.

"Ahh..s-shubh..." Ishan moaned loudly while clenching bedsheet tightly,

After 5 minutes, Shubhman replaced his tongue with his index finger. Ishan's every muscle of body tensed when Shubhman's finger entered his hole.

"Relax baby..." Shubhman said gently drawing small circles on Ishan's thigh.

Hearing him, ishan tired to relax himself. Little by little Shubhman entered his third finger inside his hole and start moving them together, fingering him. He wants to prepare Ishan properly, not wanting to hurt him.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly as his hold tightened on the bedsheet more. This is first time he is feeling such pleasurable sensation inside his body.

Ishan almost let out a whine when Shubhman pulled out his fingers.

"Can you take it now baby? I'll try to be gentle but i can't promise it, because i know i will lose control after entering inside you..." Shubhman said honestly, while stroking his length a little.

Ishan nodded, still not opening his eyes. He is feeling shy.

"Look at me baby and use your mouth.." Shubhman ordered in his soft yet raspy voice.

Ishan opened his eyes and stare into Shubhman's eyes, before saying meekly,

" yes.."

Shubhman smiled and positioned his length infront of Ishan's hole before slowly entering inside Ishan.

Ishan immediately felt himself ripping apart.

Shubhman kissed him when he noticed his pained expression. Ishan moaned loudly in mouth when Shubhman entered his length fully inside his hole.

Tears streamed down from his eyes, which Shubhman immediately kissed away. He gave some time to ishan to adjust a little.

"Uh..you can m-move now..." Ishan said while breathing heavily. As he know Shubhman is holding himself back for his sake.

Shubhman nodded and slowly yet steadily moved in and out inside his hole, in a uniform pace.

"Ah..shubh..ahhh...ahh..." Ishan moaned while gripping Shubhman's shoulder tightly,

Shubhman groaned loudly when ishan's insides clenched tightly around his length. He increased the speed, thrusting inside Ishan's hole fastly.

"Ahh...s-slow down...ahh..." Ishan pleaded while moaning helplessly.

But Shubhman turn deaf to his pleads and keep thrusting inside ishan more fastly in a inhuman speed.

Ishan's whole body moved up and down because of such powerful thrusts. He moaned out loud while scratching Shubhman's back, digging his nails.

Shubhman's deep and heavy groans ringed in the room matching with Ishan's sinful and alluring moans.

When pain start turning into pleasure, ishan pulled Shubhman more close to his body.

"F-faster shubh..." Ishan said while leaving kisses on Shubhman's shoulder.

"Oh-i'll ruin you tonight..." Shubhman grunted huskily in his ear.

By saying this he increased his speed more and start thrusting more fastly,like a animal.

"I..Love you shubh...ahhh..nghh.." Ishan said in between his moans while looking at shubhman.

"I love you more, more than anyone ever could do, more than anything, jaan.." Shubhman replied while giving a hard thrust.

Ishan smiled and pulled Shubhman in aggressive kiss, who gladly kissed back more hungrily,thrusting continuously in Ishan's hole.

Sounds of groans, moans and skin slapping echoed in the room.

The moon light spread in the room, through open window. The moon light shone on their entangled bodies on bed, making them look more ethereal then ever....Meanwhile in Living room,whole ICT team was too lost in movie, virat was half hiding  behind rohit, while kl rahul behind virat.

Just when the ghost was about to appear on the screen, virat stood up hurriedly, catching rohit's attention.

"Where are you going?" He asked in whisper.

"Umm..i..i just remembered that i need to tell anushka something very important, and I have left phone in room..that's why i'm going to my room for a minute.." Virat made up a lie and replied to him.

Rohit nodded before turning his attention back to movie, virat thanked the god and run upstairs where his shared room is situated.

There was only three room on the first floor, first was of shreyas, second one was of shubhman and ishan and last one was Virat's and rohit's.

So when virat was about to pass Shubhman and ishan, shared room, he heard some noises coming from that room.

"Are both of them still awake? These brats really need lesson, didn't they said that they are feeling sleepy then why they are still awake..." Virat muttered to himself while frowning.

He walked to the closed door and was about to knock but his whole body froze when he heard the voice clearly.

"Ahhh...shubh, please I can't anymore...s-slow down a little...ahhh..." This was definitely Ishan's voice.

"..........."

Virat stare at the door with a blank face. It's not what he is thinking right?.

And as if that was not enough to traumatized virat, soon he heard another voice.

"Can't help it baby...it feels to good to be inside you..."  He heard Shubhman saying while groaning.

Virat's face turned pale in shock, even white paint has more colour than his face. He stare at the door in bewilderment.

Not wanting to damage his ears anymore, virat turn around and run downstairs in the speed of light.

"GUYS!!" Virat shouted as he run towards other members.

They paused the movie and turn around to look at virat, who is looking like he just saw a ghost.

"There-there...I heard..I..." Virat couldn't able to form any sentence.

"Shh...calm down first.." Rohit said and patted his back.

Virat took a deep breath and calmed himself a little before looking back at everyone.

"Now tell us why you come running like someone is after you to murder you..." Kl rahul asked.

Virat took a deep sigh before start explaining everything to them about what just happened upstairs. As he finished explaining, he heard two shouts.

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" Rohit shouted in shock.

"FINALLY OUR SHIP SAILING!" Other members shouted at the same time as rohit.

And within a second whole living room turn silent. Virat and rohit glared at other members who just gave them a nervous laughs in return.

"Don't... Don't tell me you guys already knew that something is going on between them?" Virat asked in accusing tone, looking at them in disbelief.

"Well...we didn't knew but we were sure that something would definitely happen between them in future...and looks like we were right..." Shreyas said while shrugging his shoulders.

Virat and rohit stare at them feeling betrayed.

"So it was fun watching us being all oblivious to this drama..." Rohit asked sarcastically,

" honestly speaking...yes it was so funny... " hardik said while laughing a little.

"Really?" Virat asked while walking to hardik giving super fake smile to him.

Hardik immediately start running when he saw virat approaching him.

"You whose surname is Pandya, YOU ARE A MOTHERFUCKING BASTARD!!.." Virat shouted at the top of his lungs while chasing after a running hardik.

_______________________________________Note:

Can someone tell me why writing smut is more difficult than solving maths?

Because damn! It took me whole two days to complete just Smut part.

I'm deeply sorry if you are not satisfied with smut part.

And please vote and comment if you like the chapter.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

Ishan was sleeping peacefully after a long and tiring night. Shubhman was back hugging him like he is a teddy bear. His eyes trailed from Ishan's neck to his shoulder, which is covered with his marks.

"Now you are forever mine...no one will ever able to apart us, because for doing that, they to have face me first..." Shubhman thought while looking meaningfully at ishan.

Shubhman snuggled into Ishan's neck, and a kiss fell on his neck. Shubhman start sucking on his previous marks, making them purplish.

Ishan woke up because of shubhman kisses on his neck. He sighed at other's actions.

"you are Still not satisfied?!" Ishan couldn't help but asked irritatedly.

Shubhman just hummed and continued his work on Ishan's neck and shoulder. Ishan huffed irritatedly, and tried to pull away from Shubhman's grip, but immediately hissed when Shubhman start bit his neck hardly.

"Ahh..i'm not going anywhere alright?...stop biting, are you a dog or what?" Ishan said in a little loud voice.

After 5 minutes of abusing Ishan's neck, Shubhman pulled away and kissed Ishan's lips, grazing at him Lovingly.

Ishan removed his hands around himself and tried to get up but immediately stopped and let out a painful shout as his eyes widened.

"Ahhh...I...I will kill you...ahh Why..why are you still inside me?" Ishan asked while panting in pain.

"..........."

His eyes shooting draggers at shubhman.

Shubhman didn't said anything and instead of taking his thing out, he pushed a little more inside ishan, making ishan hiss a little.

"No...no...don't you dare, take your thing out right now!!.." Ishan shouted when he felt Shubhman getting hard inside him.

To which Shubhman gave him a puppy look while his hands once again circled around Ishan's waist, pressing himself more to ishan's beck.

"Please only one round...please baby.." Shubhman pleaded as if he asking for a candy.

Ishan snort in disbelief while glaring at shubhman fiercely.

"I have to be out of my mind to fall for your puppy face again after last night, you can never be satisfied with only one round..Take it out!!.." Ishan shouted.

Shubhman sulked a little, then he start take it out from Ishan's hole.

"Ahh...ahh..sl..slowly..." Ishan said while moaning and hissing.

Shubhman immediately stop and stare at ishan with his smoky and musky eyes.

"Stop making those sound if you don't want me to lose control and take you again..." Shubhman warned in a heavy voice.

Ishan hurriedly covered his mouth with his both hands and sign Shubhman to continue. Shubhman slowly take out his thing, which is covered with cum and little blood.

Ishan sighed in relief and just when he sit on the bed to get up, he felt his lower body ripping apart because pain and he again fell back on his bed while tears filled in his eyes.

Shubhman hurriedly wrapped a towel around his waist and went to ishan's side.

"Is it paining a lot?" Shubhman asked in concern.

"You still have the audacity to ask me this? You are Fucking beast!!...." Ishan yelled at him.

"Well I didn't heard you complaining last night...instead you were the one who keep begging me to go faster and harder..." Shubhman replied smugly while smirking.

Ishan's face immediately flushed but he still glare at shubhman.

"Quite smirking...now how will I practice today?, I can't even feel my lower body...it's all your fault.." Ishan whined.

"You can scold me later, now Come let's take shower first..." Shubhman said.

And before ishan could whine again, Shubhman picked him in bridal style and went inside bathroom.

After a warm shower, ishan immediately felt a lot better, but he is still having difficulties in moving around freely.

With slow steps he walked to bed and lay down. Shubhman felt a little guilty, just because him ishan is in pain.

"Ish..you take rest, i'm going out to get some painkillers for you and don't worry about practice I will talk with rohit bhaiya about it...." Shubhman said softly and caressed ishan's hair.

"Hmm..." Ishan hummed while smiling at him.

Shubhman then left the room while ishan layed more comfortably on the bed to give rest to his body.

In Rohit's and Virat's room,virat couldn't help but laugh lowly while looking at rohit.

Rohit turn and glared at virat, who is quite enjoying his misery.

"What's so funny, Vi?" Rohit asked while gritting his teeth.

"Your face...I mean now you are completely looking like a panda with those dark circles under your eyes..." Virat replied while laughing.

Rohit scowled at him.

"And all thanks goes to your horny child, I can't even imagine ishu's state. Shubhman is monster in bed!!...I had to hear those shameful sounds whole night but how will you know, after all you slept with headphones on..." Rohit huffed while rolling his eyes at virat.

"Well I prefer hearing loud music then those lewd sounds...and it's your fault that you forget your headphones somewhere..." Virat replied while shrugging his shoulders.

Rohit just shook his head and keep massaging his head, as he is feeling headache because of incomplete sleep.

Soon they heard a knock on the door. Rohit sign virat to go and opene the door. Virat nodded and went to door before opening it.

"Oh good morning shubhi...what happened?" Virat greeted Shubhman who is standing at the door.

"Good morning bhaiya....Is rohit bhaiya awake? I need to talk to him about something..." Shubhman said.

"Yeah he is awake...come inside.." Virat replied and made way for Shubhman to enter.

Shubhman nodded and walked inside, virat also followed him and both of them sit on the couch.

"How was your sleep? I mean did you sleep well?" Virat asked, looking meaningfully at him.

Shubhman smiled when he remembered most beautiful night of his life, last night. He had a sweet and dazzling smile on his face.

Virat and rohit immediately felt goosebumps, looking at his smile, it's so new for them, to see Shubhman like this.

"Yes bhaiya...i slept very well, maybe it was the best sleep of my life,..." Shubhman replied with a smile.

"You must have had good sleep after spoiling my sleep..." Rohit muttered under his breath with tsk, which ofcourse no one heard.

"But looks like someone didn't sleep well last night..." Shubhman said while eyeing rohit.

" actually yesterday night was nothing less than a nightmare for me...that's why i couldn't able to sleep..." Rohit answered sarcastically.

"Why?!....was movie that much scary?" Shubhman teased while chuckling.

"Indeed...very scary.." Rohit replied, looking grudgingly at shubhman.

Shubhman, who was oblivious to Rohit's inner viciousness towards him, just laughed.

Virat decided to jump in to stop rohit from murdering Shubhman through his eyes and said,

"You wanted to talk about something with rohit right?"

Shubhman let out a"yeah" on being reminded by virat and looked at rohit once again.

"Bhaiya, ishan is not feeling well, he is feeling pain in his stomach...so can he not practice today?" Shubhman asked, while half lying.

Virat and rohit immediately shared a knowing look among themselves and then rohit replied,

"Oh.. If he is not well then he can take rest for today...and go, get some painkillers for him.."

Shubhman was little surprised as rohit usually didn't agree this easily.

"Thankyou bhaiya...and i was about to go to medical store.." Shubhman said while getting up.

"Okay then i'm leaving..." Shubhman said while pointing at door.

Rohit and virat nodded and Shubhman, exited the door.

"Shubhman better take care of my ishu with gentleness or else I will break his legs..." Rohit said while looking at virat.

"Never knew you were protective dad type for ishu...well then start preparing dowry as my shubh is going make Ishan, my son-in-law.." Virat said, a little amused.

"Stop dreaming in early morning virat...if shubhi hurted him, then mark my words I will never let him marry ishu..." Rohit said seriously like a protective dad of ishan.

And by his expressions, virat can tell that rohit is not saying empty words.

"I just hope Shubhman always think carefully before doinganythin..because even unintentionally he hurted ishu in future, he have to face rohit, himself..." Virat thought mentally while looking at rohit....30 minutes later, the door of their shared room opened and Shubhman walked inside, he frowned when he saw Ishan standing infront of mirror, doing god knows what.

"Didn't I tell you to rest? What are doing infront of mirror?" Shubhman asked while making his way towards ishan.

Ishan looked at him through mirror and pointed at his neck which his covered with purplish hickeys.

"Hiding them, or else how will members react if they notice these marks..." Ishan said while putting concealer on those marks.

Shubhman immediately frowned. He stood behind Ishan and held his concealer applying hand, stopping him.

" I know i might be sounding unreasonable right now but I hate the idea of hiding my marks on you...I hate it so much, that it wants me to yell infront of whole world thatyou, ishan kishan belongs tome, Shubhman gill only...." Shubhman said while his dark eyes looked into Ishan's soul through mirror.

Ishan turn around and looked up at him.

"It's not like i want to hide your marks on me...if i could, I want to cherish these marks for my entire life...but members don't know about us..." Ishan softly said,

Shubhman circled his arms around Ishan's waist and hide his face into Ishan's shoulder.

"Do you want to reveal our relationship to members?" Suddenly Shubhman's muffled voice asked.

Shubhman pulled away and looked at ishan, waiting for his reply. Although ishan was feeling a little hesitant, but upon being looked by Shubhman's hope filled eyes, his all hesitation disappeared.

"Yes...let's do it, if you are with me i'm ready to face this.." Ishan said with determination.

"Don't worry baby...I know they will understand us and our love...and even if they opposed then we can convince them together..." Shubhman assured as he can see nervousness in Ishan's eyes.

Ishan nodded and hugged Shubhman to calm his nervousness. Shubhman is also a little nervous in heart but he want to stay strong for both of them.

"But before going downstairs, first take a painkiller...you won't feel any pain in your body then.." Shubhman said.

Ishan pulled away from hug while Shubhman took a pack of painkillers from his pocket before giving one pill to ishan.

Shubhman then gave him the glass of water, ishan put the pill in his mouth and drink the water before gulping  the pill.

"Ready?" Shubhman asked while holding ishan's hand.

"Hmm..." Ishan nodded while biting his lower lips nervously.

Meanwhile, Surya who was coming to call them downstairs for breakfast, ended up hearing their talk and run back in full speed.

"Guys!!...guys our babies are coming downstairs to tell us about their relationship..." Surya hurriedly said once he reached dinning table.

Everyone's eyes widened after hearing him.

"What!! Oh my god what should we do now?" Hardik exclaimed in panic.

"Relax...act normal and when they tell us about their relationship, we have to act surprised okay..." Rohit immediately said.

Everyone nodded and tried act as much as normal they can.

Soon Shubhman and ishan come downstairs while holding hands and went dinning table.

"Oh both of you are here...take your seats and let's start breakfast,.." Rohit said, acting fully normal.

Both of them nodded and took their seat. Everyone start eating peacefully. While ishan keep tapping his feet on floor, feeling nervous about the upcoming revealing part.

Shubhman, who was sitting just beside him, put his other hand on Ishan's thigh to stop him. And gave him a reassuring smile, making ishan feel a little ease.

Soon they finished their breakfast and headed to living room and made themselves comfortable on the couch.

"Um..bhaiya..I, no,..I mean we want to tell you guys something..." Ishan started while pointing at himself and Shubhman.

Everyone held their excitement inside and pretended to not know anything.

"Go ahead.." Virat said coolly.

"Actually...we..i.." Ishan start Stammering badly because of anxiety.

Shubhman held Ishan's hand and faced others seriously.

"Me and ishan like each other and before you ask or say anything... Let me make it clear that we like, actually no, we love each other as in lovers not bestfriend..." Shubhman said bravely.

"And one more thing, no i'm not going to leave him just because you say so. If you are against our love then we will try to convince you.." Shubhman continue while his voice head determination.

Everyone's face showed no expressions at all, scaring Ishan to his death.

"Please bhaiya...i love him so much, please don't tell us to break up...i can't live without him..." Ishan said as his eyes turn a little teary while his hold tightened on Shubhman's hand.

Everyone's expression immediately softened, feelings proud. They are happy for both them, that they found love and peace in each other. And hardik did what his heart said to him at that moment,he stand up and clapped with a proud smile.

"Heads off to your sincere love boys..." Hardik said while smiling widely.

Everyone immediately nodded and smiled at their youngsters, who stare at them confusingly.

"Wait? You all don't have any problem with our dating?" Ishan asked while controlling his tears.

" We are not interested in becoming villains of your love story ishu...and we are living in 21st century, we are open minded not some old fashioned people...so ofcourse we support your you and your love..." Rohit replied with a small yet gentle smile.

"Yeah...and love is love, love doesn't see gender...your happiness is what matters, nothing else...." Virat said while joining rohit.

"Hug me guys...you all are the best thing that happened to both me and Shubhman..." Ishan said while crying in Shubhman's embrace.

"Aww..our crybaby.." Everyone cooed at him and all of them did a group hug while congratulating the couple.

After few minutes they pulled away from hug.

"But let me tell you one thing be careful infront of management and staff...they won't be as supportive and understanding as us..." Rohit warned them.

Making both of them nod in acknowledgement.

There was happy atmosphere in living room as they talked about random things and surya and hardik keep teasing the couple making ishan red in embarrassment while Shubhman just laughed at their antics.

Virat and rohit stare at everyone with a fond look on their face, this is what a home feels like.

" I'm so happy for both of them.. " rohit suddenly said referring to shubhman and ishan.

Virat smiled at that, before saying

"Me too and I think.."

"You think what? " Rohit asked, now looking at virat.

To which virat gave him a smug look,

"Like i said before, i think you should start preparing dowry...get ready to see your ishu becoming my shubh's wife officially soon..." Virat replied, already declaring himself Shubhman's dad.

"Oh shut up vi...not again!!.." Rohit shouted at him with a done face.

Virat showed rohit his tongue, clearing enjoying, irritating rohit.

_______________________________________Note:

As i wrote this chapter in hurry they might be mistakes.

I think this chapter is a bit boring too so please share your views on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

At Evening, whole team was gathered in Living room as rohit called them to tell something.

There was pin drop silence in there as everyone stared at Rohit, waiting for him to speak.

"Okay stop starting at me like that...it's uncomfortable you know?" Rohit said with a sigh.

"Then break your silence and tell us why did you called all of us here..." Ishan asked impatiently.

"Whatever you impatient boy....I called all of you here because, after 1 hours we all are going to a party...so go and get ready..." Rohit said and Quickly closed his ears as he know what will happen next.

And as rohit has expected, Everyone cheered loudly, making virat's eardrum bleed.

"Fuck...you guys are so loud..." Virat cursed and rubbed his ears.

Everyone ignored his comment and start discussing about what to wear and all.

"Shub..what should I wear?" Ishan asked Shubhman.

"Whatever you like as you look gorgeous in everything baby...." Shubhman replied loving.

Everyone who were watching this scene, couldn't help but feel cringe.

"Guys...please give some respect to us, who are away from our wives and to singles....you can continue this in room..." Kl rahul said, feeling too single because of their lovely moments.

Everyone nodded agreeing with kl rahul.

Ishan immediately blushed while Shubhman just chuckled lightly.

"One more thing, wear something decent and at party I want everyone to behave like a good boy,.." Rohit nagged them, earning nod from everyone.

When no one of them move and continue talking, rohit sighed. Who said being captain is easy?!, they really don't pay him much for taking care of these dorks.

"What are you guys waiting for, get lost already... After one hour I want everyone at entrance and if anyone come late then, I will leave them here..." Rohit threatened his team.

Hearing his threat, everyone rushed to their room to get ready as they know rohit is capable of doing that. And they didn't even know the party location or anything so it's better to get ready on time.

Exactlyafter 1 hour, whole ICT team was infront of entrance. Rohit smiled in satisfaction.

"Finally for the first time, you all ready on time...keep it up.." Rohit said.

"If you are done taunting us...then lead the way as only you know the party venue..." Virat said while rolling his eyes.

Rohit tsked at him, while other chuckled at their bickering.

"Yeah yeah whatever...." Rohit let out and told everyone to get inside their cars.

They are taking only five cars, while two member in each car but Shubhman's car has three members. Rohit's car was leading them on the road.

(Car arrangement:

Virat and rohit - car 1Shubhman, ishan , surya - car 2Siraj,bumrah- car 3Kl rahul , hardik - car 4Sami, shreyas - car 5)

After driving around 45 minutes, they finally reached at the luxurious venue. Five black cars stopped at the entrance in line, gaining attention of others.

And one by one whole ICT team get down from their respective cars, looking levish, media rushed to them to capture them, almost blinding them with camera lights.

Ishan held Shubhman's hand as he know Shubhman hate all these things. Shubhman gave him a grateful look, which ishan returned with a beautiful smile.

"Please...We are here to enjoy, I would appreciate if you all can give us some space..." Rohit, professionally handled press.

"Sure sir.." One of reporters said and make way for them, to go inside.

"Thankyou so much..." Rohit expressed with a small smile.

All of them walked inside, ishan stare at everything in awe. The venue was so beautiful while Shubhman was walking beside him, like his bodyguard.

( Shubhman's Outfit )

"Bhaiya...whose party is this?" Finally Ishan asked.

"Same question... You haven't said anything about it..." Virat also asked.

"Oh yeah I forgot... Actually it's Sachin paaji's party, his daughter is back after overseas study... So it's her welcome party..." Rohit said while smiling awkwardly,

"WHATT!!" Everyone shouted in surprise.

"Shhh...tone it down, Everyone is looking at us.." Rohit gestured them to keep quite.

"Your habit of forgetting will get us in a big trouble some day.." Virat said while smacking Rohit's shoulder.

"Shub...please tell me i'm looking presentable...I'm going to meet my ideal.." Ishan said while panicking.

Shubhman leaned a little closer to ishan and whispered in his ear,

"You are looking breathtaking ish..."

Ishan's cheeks dusted with a light blush as he heard his compliment.

( Ishan's Outfit )

"Be careful here guys..." Kl rahul warned them while pointing at reporters.

Ishan nodded and made some distance between himself and Shubhman, making Shubhman frowned in displeasure but didn't voiced it out.

Soon Tendulkar family entered the venue and reporters start clicking their pictures. Sachin tendulkar stood on the stage and announced the purpose of the party before calling a beautiful girl on the stage.

"She is sara tendulkar, my beautiful daughter...finally my princess is back home, in my arms." Sachin said in mic while side hugging his daughter.

Everyone cheered and clapped.

"She is beautiful right?" Ishan asked referring to sara,

"Stop complimenting others infront of me..." Shubhman hissed possessively and turn around to glare at sara, who didn't even do anything.

"Calm down you possessive freak.." Ishan said and shook his head....Party was going on. Some were dancing, some were drinking and eating while others were busy in chatting.

Suddenly sachin tendulkar walked over ICT table with her daughter, gaining team's attention. As they were about to stand up to greet them, sachin stopped them.

"Please keep sitting...no need to be this formal, I just come here to introduce a fan to their ideal.." Sachin said.

"Whom are you talking about?" Virat asked, looking here and there.

Sachin chuckled a little and pointed to his left, where his daughter, sara was standing with a soft smile.

"Actually my daughter is die heart fan of Shubhman and his betting...she want his autograph... I hope Shubhman you won't mind..." Sachin said last sentence while looking at shubhman.

Shubhman looked here and there to search for ishan, as other has gone to get som drinks for himself, shreyas patted his back and mentioned him to stand up.

Shubhman turn back his focus on his front before nodding,

Sara smiled brightly and immediately gave a pen to him and forwarded his wrist infront of shubhman, who stare at her in confusion,

"I don't have anything on which you can sign right now, so you can give an autograph on ky wrist..." Sara said while chuckling at his confuse face.

"Oh..okay.." Shubhman replied shortly and lightly touched her wrist before signing on it.

Once he was done, he immediately left her hand. Sara looked at the autograph before immediately hugging Shubhman, catching him off guard.

His first reflex was to push her away harshly but his line of sight fall on rohit, who shook his head while pointing at Sachin.

"Thankyou so much...i'm your huge fan, this autograph means a lot to me.." Sara said while hugging him, making Shubhman uncomfortable.

Shubhman tried to put a smile on his face and slowly patted her shoulder.

The first thing Ishan saw after returning with drinks was Shubhman hugging sara tightly, as he was standing behind Shubhman, so he couldn't able to see his face.

And for the first time, ishan felt an ugly feeling in his heart, jealousy. His hold tightened on the drink glass, as he felt a tight squeeze on his heart, feeling suffocated.

He saw how they pulled away from hug and that sara keep clinging to Shubhman elbow while talking with a big and shy smile on her face.

"How dare she cling into my man like this? Only if she wasn't sachin sir's daughter..." Ishan thought while gritting his teeth.

He wanted walk away from there but his legs refused to obey him. Suddenly someone tapped his shoulder, making him turn around.

"You!!" Ishan shouted in surprise.

The other person laughed before hugging ishan.

"But why are you here Markande?" Ishan asked after pulling away from hug.

"And why i can't be here? Sachin sir also invited me and rishabh but he couldn't able to make it because of some reasons.." Mayank replied.

"Oh..so you are here alone?" Ishan asked.

"Yeah...but you must be here with you team right?" Mayank replied while side hugging ishan.

" Yeah but they are too busy to pay attention on me...let's go to your table.." Ishan said while glaring at shubhman's back.

"Huh?"

"Nothing...now let's go.." Ishan said while dragging a very confuse mayank with himself,

Shubhmanstood there,feeling damn uncomfortable with sara's touch and clinginess. But he can't do anything not wanting to upset sachin sir.

He roamed his eyes to search for his comfort person. His eyes narrowed when he saw ishan dragging a man with him and if he is not wrong than it's mayank, Ishan high school friend.

He immediately clenched his fist at the sight. He felt ignored by ishan, how dare he, ignore him just because of that friend of his?

"Like some fool i was waiting for him to give some comfort to me but he was too lost with his friend to even notice my uncomfortable state..." Shubhman, mocked himself mentally.

Fortunately some friends of sachin called them, and both father and daughter finally let from there, making Shubhman took a deep breath of relief.

Shubhman sit on the his chair, and start waiting for ishan to return while tapping his foot on the ground, a habit to control his annoyance and anger.

30 minutes went by, but ishan was nowhere in sight, Shubhman had enough, just when he was about to get up and search for the shorter male himself, he saw ishan walking to their table, alone.

He took his seat beside Shubhman and immediately felt the gloomy aura surrounding Shubhman, ishan frowned a little.

"Where were you ishu?" Kl asked, as he noticed that ishan was gone for a while.

"Washroom.." Ishan replied, earning a nod from kl rahul.

And for some reasons the air around Shubhman dropped few degree in temperature, give a cold aura to him.

"What happened to you shubh?" Ishan asked, looking concerned.

Shubhman just looked up at him with his dark and angry eyes making ishan shuddered. Ishan gulped, he can tell Shubhman is angry at him.

Shubhman didn't said anything, making ishan more worried than scared. He took out his phone and texted Shubhman.

"Meet me in washroom, after 5 minutes please.."

Just a second later Shubhman's phone dinged, he took out his phone and read Ishan's text. He side glance at ishan who gave him a pleading look.

With that, ishan get up and left from there....Shubhman walked in the corridor of washroom with slow steps, suddenly a hand grabbed his coat and pulled him inside washroom before pinning him on the door of washroom.

Shubhman stare at ishan who is trying to understand his thoughts,

"What happened baby...why are you upset with me? Did i do something wrong.." Ishan asked worriedly while caressing his jaw.

Hearing his oblivious questions, Shubhman felt more angry and hurt, his eyes turn red with possessiveness and anger.

He swiftly changed their position and pinned ishan roughly against the door , before ishan could process anything Shubhman attacked his neck like a hungry lion.

Shubhman start biting his neck harshly,while gripping Ishan's waist tightly with his right hand and his left hand start working on first three buttons of Ishan's shirt.

Shubhman tugged his shirt and exposed his collarbone before kissing and biting on it hungrily. Ishan didn't protest instead he gave more excess to Shubhman while caressing Shubhman's hair.

"Calm down, shubh" Ishan said in soothing voice.

And just like that Shubhman's actions come to an halt, he pulled away from ishan, he saw Ishan's clueless expression and cursed, ishan really don't know, then why he is getting angry.

"You can continue to take out your anger on me shubh...i'm always here for you.." Ishan said while looking worriedly at shubhman.

Shubhman eyes widened in disbelief before pulling ishan close to himself, by his waist once again.

"You are not myStress reveler,you are my boyfriend, my wife...and I will not tolerate someone bad mouthing my wife, not even you..." Shubhman growled angrily,

To which ishan smiled beautifully, and mentally scolded himself to feel jealous earlier, this man is so down for him.

"Then please tell me why are you upset with me?" Ishan asked, looking at other with tender graze.

"That sara was making me feel uncomfortable but you were too busy with that crocodile mayank to notice that..." Shubhman said looking hurt.

"Ohh that girl, only I know how much i controlled myself to pull that witch away from you!! And I also got jealous cause if i'm yours then you are mine too.." Ishan huffed angrily,

Shubhman felt ashamed to even think that ishan can ignore him, he hugged ishan so tightly as if wanted to hide ishan in himself, so that no one can look at him except Shubhman.

"I'm sorry baby...i'm really sorry, I just can't bear to lose you,that's why i want your attention always on me...I know i'm selfish but this is me.." Shubhman said while nuzzling his face in Ishan's neck.

"It's okay, i'm also sorry for leaving you alone there with that sara,..and my everything is already yours, after all i'm your wifey.. Isn't itMr.Husband" ishan chuckled while patting Shubhman's back.

Shubhman's whole body shivered in a pleasurable way, when he heard "husband" from Ishan's mouth, he immediately pulled away hug and cupped Ishan's face in his palms.

"What did you call me?" Shubhman asked desperately.

"Husband? Why? can't I call you that? You also call my wifey...so technically you are my husband right?" Ishan asked while looking up at shubhman.

Which Shubhman replied with a aggressive and breathtaking kiss. Isham moaned at sudden kiss before kissing Shubhman back while standing on his toes.

Ishan felt his lips hurting as Shubhman continue devouring them like some fruit. After 2 minutes Shubhman broke that toe curling kiss.

"I loved how "husband" sounds on your lips.." Shubhman said while attaching his forehead with ishan's.

Ishan couldn't able to make out any word as he keep breathing heavily, Shubhman rubbed Ishan's swollen lips with thump.

"Hmm.." Ishan let out while nodding and snuggled into his chest.

"Let's head back to our table before they start noticing our absence..." Shubhman said.

Ishan pulled away, and Shubhman quickly fixed his shirt buttons and his hair, one by one both of them get out at small time difference from washroom.

_______________________________________Note:

Here is another chapter of this book.

Please share your views on this chapter in comments, i will be waiting. And vote if you like the chapter.

Actually i want to know about my readers so , where are you all from?, i'm from bihar.

See you soon.

Author's POV**************

Last night, whole team returned quite late from party, around 12 A.M. As all of them were tired, they directly went to their room to get some good sleep.

As Morning come by, Ishan stirred in sleep when sunlight fall on his face,through window. Habitually his hand searched for shubman on bed,

He opened his eyes while frowning, when he didn't found shubman beside him.

At the same moment, Shubman walked inside the room with cup of tea. He smiled when he saw ishan already awake.

He walked to their bed and placed the cup on the side table before sitting beside ishan on bed.

"Good morning love..." Shubman greeted and gave a soft tender kiss on Ishan's forehead.

"You too shub..." Ishan replied as he sit on the bed.

Ishan frowned slightly when he saw shubman all dressed up,

"Are you going somewhere?" Ishan asked him.

To which shubman nodded with sigh.

"Abhishek is eating my head to hangout with our some old friends. As it's weekend so he know thats today I don't have any practice, now i can't even make any excuse.." Shubman said, feeling a little annoyed

Ishan nodded in understanding. He knows abhishek, shubman has told him about this friend of his but ishan haven't seen him in person.

"Okay then what time do you have to leave?" Ishan asked,

"I have to leave Right now..he has already called me for like 5 times,...seriously i some times ask myself why did i even made him my friend.." Shubman huffed.

Ishan laughed a little and shook his head.

Shubman held his right hand making ishan stare back at him with a raised eyebrow,

"Sorry baby...we won't be able enjoy our this weekend together..." Shubman said, apologetically.

Ishan caressed their joined hand with his left hand while giving a reassuring smile to Shubman.

"It's okay, I understand it. Now go before abhishek call you once again.." Ishan replied softly.

Truth to be told, ishan is feeling little down about this, as weekend is their day. They go out and spend time with each other, even when they were only bestfriend.

But he don't want to be seen as attention seeker, that's why he didn't hold shubman back from going out.

Shubman looked in ishan's eyes, searching for something before placing another kiss on his forehead.

"Thankyou baby...I promise I will try to come back as soon as possible then we will spend remaining time together..." Shubman said with a smile.

Ishan nodded and chuckled next moment, when Shubman's phone ringed and screen flashed with abhishek's name.

Shubman stare at phone screen before looking at ishan helplessly, ishan patted his cheeks lightly while shubman shook his head, feeling done with his impatient friend.

"I'm leaving then...your tea is on side table, drink it after getting fresh&up...and I love you so much ish.."

" I love you too...and take care.." Ishan answered.

"You too, take care of yourself.. Bye.."

By saying this Shubman left the room while receiving the call. Ishan laughed when he heard shubman's loud cursing coming from outside, probably at abhishek.

Ishan's eyes roamed here and there in empty room, before Finally  settling on the cup of hot tea.

"Let's fresh&up before tea cools down.." Ishan muttered to himself before going inside bathroom.

Right now, Ishan has an extreme distressed expression on his face as he searched for something in drawers and on tables.

But even after searching for almost 20 minutes, he couldn't able to find it.

"Where did I put it?" Ishan mumbled to himself while massaging his head.

His face was looking like he would burst into tears anytime now.

"Shub had given me that chain with so much love...how can I just lost it somewhere like this? How can I be this careless..." Ishan said to himself, feeling guilty.

Actually just when he was washing his face, he realised that the chain is not around his neck, making ishan go on panic mode,

As he was busy blaming himself, his phone ringed. He checked the caller id, it was unknown number.

"Not now please!!" Ishan shouted at phone in frustration before ending the call.

But looks like the caller was not going to give up, as he keep ringing Ishan's phone, making ishan annoyed.

Finally he received the call and shouted irritatedly,

"What the fuck you want?!"

"Woah, boy....who stepped on your tail in early morning? " A familiar voice asked from other side of phone.

Ishan stare at the screen with frowned face.

"Markande? Again new number? " ishan asked as he recognised his voice.

"Well yeah...I promise this is last time..." Mayank replied.

To which ishan gave a done sigh.

"You always says that...you know what i'm not even going to save this no. Anymore, I already have like 7 or 8 numbers under your name..." Ishan replied, knowing well other.

He heard mayank chuckling on other side of phone, ishan ignored him and continue looking for his chain.

" Look let's talk later, i'm stressed about something...I can't find something precious of mine..." Ishan said

And just as he was about to hung call, mayank shouted to stop him.

"Wait...I called you because of something, actually last night, I found a chain near my table, I recognised that it belongs to you, but before I could return it you ,you with your team already left that party..."

Hearing him, ishan hurriedly pressed the phone back to his ear,

"Really? Thank god I thought I lost it.." Ishan said feeling delighted.

"Oh so this your precious thing...okay then let's meet at xxx cafe and take your precious chain back..." Mayank answered.

"Sure thing...I will there in 30 minutes," by saying this ishan hurriedly ended the call before grabbing his car keys.

He dashed out from his room.

The cup of tea was long forgotten on the bedside table....Ishanparked his car in parking of the said cafe, before running inside the cafe. He start searching for mayank once he entered inside.

"Ishan!! Here..."

He heard someone shouting.

Ishan turn around to look in that direction, there he saw mayank sitting on the corner table while waving at him.

Ishan quickly approached that table with big strides.

"Hel-" mayank started but ishan cut him off.

"Where is my chain?"

"No hi no hello I see..take your seat first..." Mayank said while raising an eyebrow at the shorter male.

Ishan took his seat and extended his palm infront of mayank, who sighed before taking out the chain from his pocket and placed it on Ishan's palm.

Ishan's eyes shone with happiness, he immediately placed a kiss on the chain before putting it around his neck around in next second.

Mayank was noticing his every expression and move, he can tell that when ishan called it precious, he really means it.

"Here drink it, you must have come here in hurry..." Mayank said while giving the glass of water to ishan.

Ishan gladly took the glass and start drinking the water.

"Is it given by Shubman?" Mayank asked while making a guess.

Ishan immediately chocked on the water, he patted his chest to calm down his coughs.

Looking at his reaction, mayank can guess he was right about his hunch.

"It's... It's not.." Ishan replied while stuttering,

"Leave it, but Do you also think I look like a crocodile?" Mayank asked while ignoring Ishan's reply.

Ishan become confused at his wierd question, Then suddenly his eyes widened when he remembered last night washroom scene, Shubman used the same word to address mayank.

Fuck! Mayank heard them, which means he probably knows about his and Shubman's relationship.

"How...much did you heard?" That's the only question ishan could let out.

"Well not much...I didn't had any intention of hearing your talks..I just wanted to use the washroom but ended up hearing Shubman's jealous rant.." Mayank quickly explained his side.

"So you don't find it wierd...I mean a man dating a man?" Ishan asked hesitantly, not meetings mayank's eyes.

To which mayank just shrugged his shoulders,

"Your love life not mine...you can like or love whoever you want, and your relationship should only make sense to you and your partner, not to society..." Mayank replied.

Making ishan smile at other's thoughtfulness.

"Thankyou so much for supporting me and shub..." Ishan expressed gratefully.

"Always...now you wait here, i'm going to get icecream for us, you are paying okay?" Mayank said while getting up.

"Sure...my treat, order whatever you want.." Ishan nodded, he want to thank mayank through this treat.

"Yeyy..." Mayank squealed excitedly and left to place order.

At the same time in ICT apartment,Shubman entered living room and saw rohit and virat sitting there, but he ignored them before running straight to his room.

"Surprise!! I'm bac-" Shubman stopped in middle when he saw empty room.

"Ish.." Shubman called out but didn't get any reply.

He checked whole room but didn't find ishan, so he exited the door and went downstairs to ask members his whereabouts.

He quickly approached the talking duo on the couch.

"Rohit bhaiya...do you know where ishan is?" Shubman asked while looking at the his captain.

"We are visible to him only when he have something to ask about ishan from us.." Virat muttered under his breath.

Which rohit ofcourse heard as he was sitting just beside him and mentally agreed with virat. Before looking up at shubman.

"No idea...he just dashed out somewhere in hurry..." Rohit replied while shaking his head.

Shubman sighed and sit on the opposite couch, feeling gloomy. Now how will he know where ishan is?

" Love indeed make people stupid. Dumb-head ever heard of a device called phone? Use it and ask him where he is.." Virat said irritatedly, shaking his head at his dumb youngest.

To which shubman gave him an awkward smile, making virat scowl at him.

"You are great bhaiya..." Shubman replied while taking out his phone.

"No honey...it's just you are plain dumb.." Virat said sarcastically.

Rohit chuckling at them while shubman pretended to not hear virat and dialled Ishan's number.

After few rings ishan Finally received the call, shubman out the phone on speaker.

"Hello shub...already missing me?" Ishan's teasing voice come from other side of phone.

Virat and rohit made a throwing up gesture, making shubman glare at them.

"Yeah... That's why I called you, are you at home?" Shubman asked normally,

"Umm..no, i'm out with may- i mean shrey bhai, actually I was feeling bored so he offered to hangout with him..." Ishan replied after a brief pause.

Shubman frowned when he heard slight hesitation in Ishan's tone. Before he could ask anything, he heard someone calling Ishan's name in background.

"Cough...cough..." Ishan immediately start coughing loudly, and call ended just after that.

Shubman stare at phone screen with a complicated expression, something was off about Ishan's tone.

Ishan is not lying to him, right?

"Bhaiya...shrey bhai is not at apartment?" Shubman asked.

"Honestly speaking, we didn't saw shrey since morning, I think ishan is saying truth..." Rohit replied.

Only then the doubts in his hearts cleared, he is really becoming stupid, why he always doubt ishan? Damn you shubman!.

Just when three of them were sitting there in silence, they heard someone.

"Hello guys...what are you all doing sitting in silence like this?"

Three of them snap their neck in the direction of voice, in speed of light.

There stood shreyas, looking at a little worried about their neck.

Shubman, virat, rohit, while staring at shreyas.

".............."

"Why are you guys looking at me like that?" Shreyas asked feeling uncomfortable under their stares.

Rohit snapped out of it first, and asked while clearing his throat,

"Where were you since morning?"

"I was in gym...why what happened?" Shreyas asked confusingly.

Virat and rohit took cold breath, and turn to look at Shubman's expression's and hissed under their breath,when they saw his dark look.

Both of them light a candle for ishan in their mind, praying to god to give ishan strength to handle a angry shubman.

Suddenly Shubman get up from couch,

"Shubi..listen-" virat started but Shubhman cut him off in middle.

" When he come back and ask about me tell him, i'm dead!!" By saying this shubman stormed out of living room, angrily.

Shreyas who witness whole this drama, couldn't help but scratch his head in confusion.

" what just happened? " he asked.

Virat and rohit turn their attention to the confuse man,

"Don't know!!" Both of them said in unison while shaking their heads....At cafe, ishan felt something strange, as if something bad was about to happen.

He just hope shubman haven't doubted him.

"He is not home,so no need to worry about getting caught by him..he won't know that i'm not with shrey bhai..." Ishan mentally assured himself.

"Stop spacing out...and tell me why did you lied to him?" Mayank asked while bringing him out of his thoughts.

"It's not that I like lying to him...he just get insecure very easily specially because of you and rishabh...I don't know why he always thinks that I will leave him for someone else..." Ishan replied looking concerned.

"When we love someone with every cell of our body it's normal to feel insecure...He loves you crazily I can see that in his eyes...the way he was looking at you in party, it was filled with desire to lock you in those eyes.." Mayank said what he had observed in party.

"I really to don't know how to make him understand that i'm not going to leave him...never!" Ishan said

"Give him some time...Eventually he will understand it, and whenever he gets jealous or insecure try to talk softly with him,..because one of you two have to act mature that time..." Mayank advised him while patting his hands.

Ishan stare at him with admiration and respect. He wondered just when his friend become this much mature and sensible.

"What? If you are falling for me because of my words please don't.... I want to live some more years on this earth...your man will cut me into pieces.." Mayank said jokingly trying to lighten up the air.

Ishan chuckled at his antics and shook his head.

" falling for you, my foot!! You jerk..." Ishan replied sassily.

Both of them talked for 15 minutes more, before leaving for their homes respectively.

Ishan drove towards ICT apartment without about the storm that's awaiting for him there.

______________________________________

Note :

Here is chapter 18, please share your views on this chapter and please vote if you liked it.

Contest of knowing your readers more: next question,

How old are you guys? I'm 20.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

Ishan walked inside living room while humming a song. Virat nudged rohit and pointed at ishan.

Ishan smiled at them and approached the duo before sitting beside virat.

"Bhaiya...where is shub? Has he not returned-"

before ishan could complete his words, virat and rohit shouted in unison, startling ishan.

"He said, HE IS DEAD!!.."

Ishan,with a hand on his chest, stare at them with shocked and confuse face,

"W-what?" Ishan let out confusingly.

Only then other two realised their mistake, that they has reflexively blurt out exactly the same words,shubman had told them to say.

"Not..nothing, kindly ignore our previous comment..." Virat quickly said while clearing his throat.

Ishan looked a little wierded out by them but still didn't said anything, for which other two are thankful.

"By the way...where were you? You left in quite hurry.." This rohit asked, trying to change the subject.

"Actually, Because of something important I had to go and meet Mayank in hurry..." Ishan replied truthfully to him.

Virat and rohit shared a look among themselves, now they know why Ishan lied about being out with Shreyas.

After all they are aware about Shubman's jealousy and possessiveness.

"Oh.." Rohit said while nodding.

"Yeah but bhaiya...please don't tell shub about it, he don't know that I was with mayank...you know right how he gets whenever he see mayank.." Ishan said while slightly pleading.

But ishan didn't get any reply as, other two were busy looking behind Ishan with pale faces.

" I don't think we need tell anything to him anymore..." Virat let out helplessly,

Ishan knitting his eyebrows in confusion.

"What do you mean-"

ishan started but stopped when he heard a very familiar voice from behind, which is now seems to be filled with anger.

"So not only did you lied about being out with shrey bhai but you were also planning on not let me know about that ever ?"

Ishan immediately turn stiff when he heard shubman's voice. He saw how other were giving him a look of pity.

"This is what we call Wrong timing.." Rohit and virat thought in their mind.

Ishan slowly turned his stiffed neck back and saw shubman glaring at him darkly, making ishan gulp in fear.

"Shub..listen to me.." Ishan started while getting up from couch.

Virat and rohit also get up, ready to jump in if things get out of hands.

Shubman walked to him with big and firm strides, before pulling Ishan close by his elbow. His iron grip on Ishan's elbow made ishan hissed in pain.

Shubman looked down in Ishan's eyes with his anger filled one's.

"I had already heard enough ish...what else is left to hear?" Shubman asked while gritting his teeth.

As he said, he grip tightened more around Ishan's elbow, a pained expression appeared on Ishan's face.

"Shubman you are hurting him.." Rohit reminded when he saw Ishan's hurting, and held Shubman's hand.

Shubman just tsked in annoyance and left Ishan with jerk, making ishan stumble a little, virat supported him.

And without saying anything, Shubman dashed towards his room, leaving a guilty ishan behind.

After few minutes of silence, ishan decided to follow shubman, he need to mend things between them before things worsen more.

As he was about to go, virat held him, stopping him. Ishan gave him a questioning look.

"I think you should let him calm down a little, he is so much angry right now and anger always clouds our rational mind..." Virat expressed,concerned. Rohit also nodded in agreement.

Ishan smiled a little at their worried faces before pulling his hand away from virat.

"Don't worry bhaiya...I can handle him, after all it's all my fault that he is angry at me..." Ishan assured them.

Other two still looked somehow hesitant but it's their personal matter so they didn't stopped ishan and nodded.

And with that ishan left from there.

"Do you think they will be fine?" Virat asked, looking at ishan's retreating back.

"Hope so.." Rohit replied with sigh.

Kl rahul who was standing at kitchen door for 30 minutes now, decided to make his presence known. Actually he came to get water but stopped when he heard shubman's angry voice.

"Did they had a fight with each other?" Kl rahul asked as he went to his captain.

Rohit threw him a helpless look.

"Let's talk in hardik room about it.." Rohit said tiredly and start leaving from there.

Kl rahul and virat hurriedly followed him....Ishan rotated the doorknob and sighed when he found the door unlocked.

As he entered inside, he was greeted by darkness as all lights were off, there was only light that was coming through window, where shubman was standing, back facing him.

Ishan closed the door and walked to Shubman before standing just behind him. He raised his hand and placed it on Shubman's shoulder.

"Shub...I can explain, please hear me out..." Ishan pleaded while looking at Shubman's back.

Shubman tilted his head a little before  grabbing Ishan's hand, which was placed on his shoulder, then the next thing was, ishan being pinned against near wall of window.

Shubman stare into Ishan's surprised eyes before leaning close to his face.

"Explain because i also want to know what was the reason behind you lying to me...did that crocodile told you to lie huh?" Shubman asked as calmly as he could.

"I didnt meant to lie to you but i also didn't wanted to make you angry. You don't like mayank near me..so-" ishan's words cut in because of Shubman's rageful laugh.

"So if i don't like something, you will still do it but by lying to me right? Is this what you are trying to say...hm Jaan?" Shubman asked, still in a clam voice.

But from inside, he is boiling in anger, he hate lies and ishan knows it, still other decided to do the same.

Ishan immediately shook his head in no.

"You are getting it all wrong, I didn't mean it like that. I just didn't wanted to make you feel insecure... Nothing else" ishan replied desperately.

Shubman closed his eyes before pressing his forehead against Ishan's. He start taking deep breaths. It's not like he don't have any control over his anger but whenever it comes to ishan he just lost it.

" I'm not a man with lots of patience jaan...and you are making it so hard for me to keep my calm...please don't test me, you are too fragile to bear the the consequences of your little stunts..." Shubman uttered heavily while nuzzling his nose against Ishan's cheek.

And ishan felt his knees becoming jelly at Shubman's Words. He had to held Shubman shirt tightly to balance himself.

" I promise I won't do something like this again..and as for today i'm really sorry, shub.." Ishan said sincerely.

Shubman pulled a little away and looked at ishan, who's eyes are pleading to forgive him.

Shubman sighed,it's not like he can stay mad at ishan for long, but that also doesn't means that he can let this slide easily.

His hands made their way to Ishan's waist before pulling shorter male close to his chest with a hard jerk. A dark smirk appeared on his face.

"You did very wrong, so get ready for punishment baby...only after punishment I will decided whether your sorry is accepted or not..." Shubman said huskily over Ishan's lips, letting his hot breath kiss Ishan's lips.

Having finish saying that, Shubman lifted ishan, who immediately wrapped his legs around his torso.

Shubman walked to their bed in dark room and throw ishan on the bed. Because of his aggressive behaviour ishan almost let out a scream,

but couldn't as Shubhman sealed his lips with a hungry kiss while His right hand went to nightstand table before turning on the bedside lamp.

It was like something snapped in Ishan, he circled his arms around Shubman's neck before kissing back but still couldn't match Shubman's hunger.

Shubman keep kissing and biting his lips to calm all the anger which filled in his veins. Ishan put hand on his chest to break the kiss, but Shubman grabbed that hand before pinning it above Ishan's head.

He get back on kissing those lips, like he was starving for years. After few more minutes he broke the kiss and stare at ishan's messy state and swollen lips.

" It was hard to breath...wasn't it?" Shubman asked while looking at  heavily breathing male beneath him.

"I felt the same when you lied to me..." Shubman continue darkly before biting ishan's earlobe.

"Ahh.." Ishan hissed a little.

Shubman ripped Ishan's shirt before throwing it away somewhere on the floor. He placed his mouth on Ishan's shoulder and start leaving open mouth kisses there.

Shubman then took ishan's left bud in his mouth and start sucking it before biting it harshly.

"Ahh..shub..d..don't.." Ishan screamed in pain as his eyes turn teary.

"You are not allowed to deny anything today baby..." Shubman said in a deep voice in between kisses.

He briefly kissed Ishan's whole upper body, almost wetting it with his saliva. He devoured every inch of ishan's tanned body while ishan keep whimpering and moaning.

Shubman start getting impatient as he couldn't able to feel Ishan's skin properly because of his clothes so Shubman hurriedly undressed himself.

Ishan immediately turned his face away, shying away from naked glory of his boyfriend.

Shubman gripped Ishan's chin and made ishan looked at him.

"Don't you dare to look away from me, never....keep looking at me.."

His voice held so much authority, that ishan had to obey. Shubman smiled in satisfaction, before pulling Ishan's pant off with boxers in on go, making ishan let out surprised gasp.

"So pretty and sinful...just for me.." Shubman said while admiring Ishan's naked body.

" only for you.." Ishan replied as his was filled with love for this man.

Shubman smiled and went down for another kiss. Ishan whimper at such aggressive biting and sucking on his lips, it will leave bruise for sure.

Shubman literally chewed on Ishan's lips as if his lips are some kind of fruit. He then left those lips before making his way to ishan's neck and start leaving big hickeys there, which will be visible through shirt too.

Ishan was moaning and breathing heavily because of that long bruising kiss ,then suddenly he gripped Shubman's shoulder tightly, digging his nails, when Shubman's two fingers enter inside his hole without any warning.

"Ahhhhhh...noo...s..shub..." Ishan screamed in pain while closing his eyes tightly.

Shubman ignored his scream and start fingering inside him fastly, making ishan sobbed because of sensitivity.

He clutches on Shubman's shoulder tightly,

"P-please... Slow down...I will cum.. Please.." Ishan pleaded.

Instead of slowing down, Shubman increased the pace as his member is dying to be inside that hot hole as soon as possible.

"No one is stopping you...cum baby.." Shubman replied while fingering him

And soon ishan cummed with a loud moan. As ishan was still recovering from his orgasm, he let out a loud scream when Shubman entered his full member inside him in one go.

"Ahhhh...shubman...Ahh..you are ahh beast.." Ishan screamed, feeling ripped apart at sudden penetrate.

Looking at his pained expression, Shubman's eyes finally softened. He caressed Ishan's jaw.

"Relax for me jaan..." Shubman said softly.

Ishan looked up and saw shubman's loved filled eyes. No matter how angry Shubman was at him, the love for Ishan in those eyes never fade away even for a second and that what made ishan want and love Shubman more.

Ishan nodded and start taking deep breath to calm his breathing. Shubman start placing gentle and feathery kisses on Ishan's face while start moving inside him.

Only after few thrusts, Shubman start thrusting inside ishan aggressively and fiercely like some beast.

"Ahhh...ah..ah..shub..ahh..shubman!" Ishan moaned loudly.

"Fuck...I love my name from your sinful mouth.." Shubman grunted while penetrating deep inside Ishan's hole.

Ishan wrapped his legs around Shubman while shubman's thrust didn't stopped even for a second. His thrust didn't matched with gentle kisses he was placing on Ishan's face.

"I'm c..cummimg.." Ishan said between his moans.

"Me too sweetheart..." Shubman replied and increased the speed of thrust.

And just after few thrust both of them cummed together, Shubman inside ishan and ishan on his stomach.

Ishan lied there,soaked in sweat breathing heavily. But Shubman had something else his mind as with a swift move he changed their position and pulled Ishan on his lap.

"Ride me baby..." Shubman ordered him.

Ishan immediately shook his head tiredly, not having an energy.

"Please...no more.."

To which shubman gripped his neck and pulled ishan's face close to him before giving a wet lick to ishan's blood swollen lips.

"Remember you are not allowed deny anything today..." Shubman said while smirking.

After hearing his words, ishan had only on question in his mind,

"Why did I even think about lying to him? Wasn't it same as willing walking in lion's den? Poor me.." Ishan mentally pitied himself.

Having no other choice then following Shubman's order, ishan slowly guided Shubman's member, which is hard once again, to his hole before slowly pushing it inside.

And Shubman never knew he jaan could look this hot and tempting while doing something so lewd like this.

With Shubman's help ishan start bouncing on his member. Shubman gripped his waist tightly and start thrusting inside his with so much for that ishan cummed once again.

"S..slow down..please.." Ishan weakly begged but Shubman turn deaf ear to it.

He keep pounding inside ishan while ishan just moaned helplessly, bouncing on his member.

Shubman gave some hard thrust after cumming once again inside ishan.

Ishan leaned on Shubman tiredly, looking half unconscious.

"Please.. No more...I can't.." Ishan said as his eyes keep closing because of tiredness.

Shubman decided to end it there when he saw Ishan's pale face. Ishan already fell asleep. Shubman pulled his thing out and made ishan lay on the bed properly.

He then cleaned both of them with a wet towel and made ishan wear a new shorts before himself doing the same.

Shubman then joined a Ishan in bed before pulling shorter male in his tight embrace. He keep looking at ishan's sleeping face with a serious face.

"Don't make me lock you up, away from everyone's eyes...cause I know you won't like that for sure..." Shubman muttered to himself, obsessively.

He gave a suck on ishan's lips once again before closing his eyes to get some sleep, holding ishan close to his chest like he would disappear any moment.

______________________________________

Note:

Update is here, my lovely reader.

Please tell how was the chapter in comments and vote for it if you like the chapter.

See you soon with another chapterHave a great day ahead.Umaaahh😘

Author's POV**************

Currently Everyone is enjoying cool breeze on the rooftop, after having dinner.

"Looks like they had a quite intense fight..." Hardik said quietly.

"I know right...I mean just look at ishu's neck.." Surya agreed, who was sitting just beside him.

Kuldeep stare at them weirdly and smacked both of their heads, making them whine.

"What nonsense are you both spouting? Those are hickeys not some fight marks..." Kuldeep said.

To which, hardik and surya just rolled their eyes at him.

"And we were just being sarcastic. Ofcourse we know what those marks are..." Hardik replied with duh done.

Finally someone couldn't take it anymore and decided to interfere,

" talking about someone like they aren't there is rude, you know?" Ishan said while pointing his finger at them.

"If you want blame anyone then blame your boyfriend, who left these big marks on your neck...." Surya replied.

Ishan pouted and turn around to glare at Shubman who is busy in laughing at him, making ishan pout more.

"Okay enough...stop teasing my baby" Shubman said and hugged Ishan from behind , who nodded.

"We can't digest this much sweetness"  virat suddenly exclaimed with a done face.

Everyone made a gagging gesture before laughing loudly.

shubman shook his head at their antics and continued back hugging ishan while putting his chin on Ishan's shoulder.

After 30 minutes, everyone decided to head down and sleep as they have an advertisement shoot yesterday.

But Shubman and ishan didn't moved an inch from their place, too busy in their moment.

"Hey...romeo and juliet, if you both done, then let's go, don't forget both of you have a magzine cover shoot..." Rohit shouted from roof door.

"Yeah yeah coming bhaiya..." Both of replied back in unison and also left from there while holding hands.

Next morning, whole team had reached at their shooting studio with their team manager.

Right now everyone is getting ready for their respective shoots.

Just then their team manager entered dressing room and clapped to get all 11's attention.

"Boys!! first we will start with solo shoot, then at last we will do a whole team shoot for upcoming matches...is it clear?" Their team manager explained.

"No problem..." Rohit replied respectfully.

"Good, so let's start with your solo shoot first.." Team manager said referring to rohit, who nodded.

With that both of them left from there.

Ishan was getting his hair done by hair stylist, while using his phone. Suddenly he received a text from Shubman.

Ishan frowned and turn to look at other side of room, where shubman is getting ready.

At the same time Shubman also looked back at him, causing their eyes to meet. Shubman sign him through eyes to read the message.

"Why is he messaging me, when he is also sittingin same room?" Ishan thought Mentally.

Still he opened the message and his cheek immediately tinted with a light blush when he read the message.

"You are looking so goodwifey...wish I could kiss you right now.." -text from shub ❤️.

Ishan once again looked at Shubman, who is staring at him with raw emotions in his eyes, making ishan want to kiss those deep ocean eyes.

It's so heart wrenching to burn with desire to touch each other freely but couldn't able to do it, because of world.

"Ishan stop moving your head...i'm styling your hair here..."

Ishan was brought out of his thoughts when he heard his hear stylist talking.

Ishan immediately sit properly.

"I'm sorry...please continue" ishan apologized sincerely, earning a nod from hair stylist,...Everyone was done with their solo shoot and now it's time for their group shoot, as indian team.

But Shubman was not there, ishan keep looking for him here and there.

"Ishu...where is shubi? Manager can call us anytime now for shoot..." Rohit asked, as he also couldn't find Shubman.

"Don't know bhaiya..." Ishan replied, distressed.

"Guys I think I saw him going towards  washroom 20 minutes ago..." Suddenly siraj said.

Upon hearing siraj, ishan already left from there to look for Shubman while rohit turn around to glare at siraj.

" why didn't you tell us earlier, when you knew where shubi is? " Rohit asked while narrowing his eyes.

" No one asked me.." Siraj replied innocently.

Rohit just rolled his eyes at him while letting out done sigh.

Ishanwas going in the direction of washroom, then suddenly a hand come from an empty room and pulled ishan inside.

"You didn't seems surprise or startled..." Shubman asked amusingly while looking at the shorter male.

"Because I knew it was you.." Ishan replied with duh.

Shubman smiled a little before hugging ishan tightly in his embrace, making other almost feel suffocated.

" I couldn't able to touch you since morning because of this shoot and all...it was making me restless. But now after having you like this in my arms, my heart and mind is finally home...." Shubman said as his voice sounded so raw. Shubman nuzzled his face into Ishan's shoulder.

Although his words made ishan feel giddy from inside, he still decided to tease Shubman a little and said,

"Seriously you can't take your hands off me even for some hours? What's next, you'll lock me up and put a dozen of babies in me?" Ishan asked while joking.

Shubman pulled away from hug and stare at ishan's teasing expressions before smirking in amusement,

"Can you handle it?" Shubman asked in a deep voice.

"Handle what?" Ishan asked back confusingly.

"Me putting a dozen babies in you.." Shubman replied with a naughty smirk.

Ishan's eyes turn wide as he stare at Shubman feeling speechless. He said so many things and Shubman heard only that part?

"Are you for real?! Just because you call me wife doesn't mean i am a woman, you Dumb-head!!" Ishan shouted at him after overcoming the shock.

"Anything is possible as our science has progressed a lot....I think we should prepare for that now...come here!!"

By saying this Shubman pulled ishan close once again and start leaving sniff kisses on his neck and cheeks.

"No!! Stay away!!" Ishan said but ended up giggling because of trickling kisses.

(a/n: above lines, read them atpintrestlong time ago...these lines are not mine, I just modified it a little...)

Shubman stare fondly at giggling man in his arms. Oh how much he loves this cute man. He is ready to sacrifice anything as long as he can hold ishan like this.

"Stop teasing me shub" ishan whined, making Shubman chuckle before hugging ishan once again.

A beautiful smiled immediately appeared on Ishan's lips as he snuggled more to his lover's warmth.

"Fine fine...by the way why did you come looking for me?"

Only then ishan remembered the purpose of coming there and his eyes turn wide.

"Fuck... Rohit bhaiya will kill me, run shub!!.." Ishan exclaimed and grabbed Shubman's hand.

Both of them run in full speed, not wanting to make rohit more mad.

Rohitkeep walking back and forth while biting his nails. Once he couldn't take it Anymore, he decided to go and look for both of them by himself.

"Ro...they are here" virat's voice stopped his actions in middle.

Rohit turn around and saw two running figures approaching him and stopping infront of him.

Rohit glared at ishan, who gave him a clumsy smile.

"Ouch.." Suddenly ishan winced while rubbing his head where virat just smacked him.

" you went to find shubi or ali baba's treasure huh? What took you so long?" Virat asked while raising an eyebrow at him.

"The Manager has come calling twice since then for shoot..." Rohit joined virat and scolded.

"Sorry bhaiya..." Ishan replied while pouting at being scolded.

Shubman, looked at his pout and jumped in to rescue him from getting scolded more, as it was whole his fault not Ishan's.

"Bhaiya, you can scold us later, right now let's go for shoot, aren't we are already late?" Shubman said.

Hardik who was standing just beside them, moved a little closer to surya and whispered,

"The prince come rescue his princess in from getting scolded.. How romantic!!"

Surya chuckled a little before nodding.While kl rahul just shot them done look before looking back at virat.

"Yes guys...let's go," Kl rahul said agreeing with Shubman.

Rohit and virat nodded and all of them start heading towards shoot area, as they had already delayed enough.

Their shoot lasted for 1 hour, around noon all of them returned back to apartment. Everyone make themselves comfortable on the couch in living room.

"Not in mood to make food after tiring day, let's order food delivery..." Virat said tiredly.

Earning a nod from kl rahul and sami as making food for team falls under three of them department.

(A/n: I just made it up, don't know if they can cook or not..)

"Okay... Let me order it.." Hardik said and took out his phone to order.

Soon he was done with it and informed others that food will arrive after 45 minutes. Earning few "hmm" and "okay" from other members.

"We are going to rest in our room for a bit.." Shubman said while getting up.

Ishan also followed his actions.

Rohit just nodded in acknowledgement and both of  them walked towards upstairs, to their room.

Both of them walked inside their shared room. Ishan dragged his tired body to bed and immediately lay down on it and groaned at the softness of mattress.

Ishan then stare tiredly at Shubman who is taking off his blazer.

"What happened ish?" Shubman asked, sensing his graze.

Ishan didn't replied instead opened his arms wide and mentioned Shubman to come.

"Need cuddles..." Ishan said with a adorable whine.

Making Shubman chuckle.

"What are you? A kid?" Shubman asked,

"Not kid, but your wife, now come and cuddle me, hubby!!" Ishan replied a impatient voice, playing wife card.

And how can Shubman say anything after hearing that adorable "hubby" reference to himself.

"As you wish my wifey..."

By saying this, Shubman slipped next to ishan. Ishan immediately latched himself like a starfish on Shubman and snuggled into his chest.

Shubman smiled at his clinginess and wrapped his arms protectively and possessively around ishan and placed a kiss on his hair....Meanwhile, in prithvi's ( team manager ) Cabin. He was doing some work on his laptop, then suddenly someone knocked on his cabin door.

"Come in..." He let out while keeping eyes on his laptop. Actually his is busy with team's upcoming promotion schedule.

His assistant walked inside with a tensed expressions.

"Sir..."

Prithvi looked up at him.

"Oh kunal...what happened?" He asked.

"Umm...actually...I.." His assistant hesitated while Stammering.

"Say clearly whatever you want to say...i'm quite busy here.." Prithvi said while frowning,

His assistant took a deep breath and said everything in a one breathe.

"I saw shubman and ishan kissing each other in a empty room at set!!.."

There was pin drop silence in cabin as prithvi stared horrified at him.

"What the fuck are saying?! Are you Fucking out of your mind?" Prithvi shouted, finding it ridiculous.

"Are you even listening to yourself?!!" Prithvi continue while looking at him with pissed off expression.

"I know sir it's hard to believe... But i'm saying truth. And I have proof also.." His assistant kunal said.

"What proof?" Prithvi asked while raising an eyebrow.

Kunal took out his phone, and opened the gallery of his phone before handing it to prithvi, who immediately took it before looking at the screen.

There are picture of Shubman kissing ishan while both of them were hugging each other.

The phone almost slipped from his hands as he stare at the screen in shock and disbelief.

After few seconds, prithvi come back to his senses and immediately deleted all the pictures from kunal's phone.

"Listen to me very carefully.... Don't let this leak outside. This should be only between you and me or else you'll have to face the consequences..." Prithvi warned kunal and handed his phone back to him.

"Don't worry sir...I won't.." Kunal replied with honesty.

"Hmm...now please go.." Prithvi said with a stressed face.

Kunal nodded and left the cabin.

Prithvi let out a depressing sigh and placed a palm over his forehead. He really don't know how to handle this unexpected situation.

He always knew that those two are extremely close but he had never in his wildest dream expected them to be lovers.

Don't get him wrong, he is not against it but his job is to do every possible thing to make his artist or athlete successful in career. And if media or even their fans find out about their cricketers being gay....the hell will lose.

He can't risk shubman's and Ishan's career, especially not when both of them had just start getting recognition.

"I urgently need to handle this!!.." Prithvi uttered with a serious expression.

_______________________________________Note:

New chapter is here.

Actually i wanted to know your opinion about, should I make itmpregor not? Although i don't know how it works but i can give it try.

And please share your view on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next updateKeep smiling my lovely reader ❤️.

Author's POV**************

As it was already August, whole team is practicing like horse as Asia cup is approaching. They can't afford any laxity in practice.

It's extra special for Shubman and ishan as it's their first asia cup, they want to do their best in field during matches, so they are putting more efforts in practice.

Even right now, when others are taking resting after practice, Shubman is still busy with running around field.

Everyone knows Shubman's passion and hardwork towards cricket. But Shubman always thinks like he is not doing enough, making ishan and others worried.

"Shub please stop over doing yourself, to perform well in match you first need to stay fit,..." Ishan shouted worriedly from sitting area.

"But I don't want to mess-" Shubman started but virat didn't let him complete.

"No buts...don't force me to come there and break your legs with my bat, you stubborn kid. Now you decide either walking here on your own legs or on wheelchair..." Virat threatened while pointing his bat at him.

Shubman stopped running and let out a defeated sigh, after all who can he against The virat kohli, so at end and walked to others before sitting there.

"Ouch...stop didn't you just said i need to stay fit, then why are you beating me?" Shubman hissed in pain as Ishan smacked his head hard.

Ishan just huffed at him before handing him a water bottle, which shub took with a smile.

"You deserve it.." Rohit commented, referring to Ishan's smack.

"Whatever bhaiya..." Shubman replied while drinking water.

And ishan took a small towel, then start wiping Shubman's sweaty neck and face, making Shubman smiled at his caring nature.

All of them stare at their lovely display of affection and thought, they didn't sign up for this. I mean there is no need make them feel single every single Fucking time!!

"Just get married already!!." Hardik exclaimed while throwing his hands in air dramatically.

Making other nod in agreement.

Hearing his words Ishan's hands that were on Shubman's face, stopped as he become embarrassed. Meanwhile Shubman just shamelessly held that hand before looking at hardik with smirk.

"I'm ready to marry him for a long time but he is the one who is not accepting my proposal..." Shubman replied before side hugging ishan, and made a sad puppy face.

"Woah..woah.." everyone hooted in unison, making ishan more embarrassed.

Ishan freed himself from Shubman's hold and immediately run from there with a red face and a shy smile.

Shubman chuckled at his shyness before shaking his head.

"You scared him, dumbo.." Rohit said.

"No bhaiya...it's called shyness..." Shubman replied with cheeky smile.

"Chill Ro..soon we will attending their wedding.." Virat said while hugging Rohit's shoulder.

" weirdly you and Shubman are so similar..." Rohit let out, not so amusingly.

"We know!!" Shubman and virat laughed together.

Ishanwas going towards apartment, he still has that beautiful smile on his face as he recalled Shubman's words from earlier.

The train of his thoughts come to an halt when his phone suddenly ringed.

He look at the screen and frowned when he saw caller i'd. he still received the call.

"Hello,.." Ishan said over phone.

" Meet me at my cabin right now...and don't inform others that you are coming here..." Prithvi's voice come from other side of call.

"Right now? Something happened?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Yeah...something big happened, so come here fast..i'm waiting.." By saying this prithvi ended the call.

Ishan tilted his head in confusion.

"What does he meant by don't let others know about me meeting him? And if something big happened then shouldn't he talk to rohit bhaiya?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Nonetheless he still decided to meet prithvi first as he don't know how serious things are....After 30 minutes of drive, ishan reached at Prithvi's office and walked inside, making his way towards his cabin.

Ishan had uneasy look on his face. He don't know why but since the moment he stepped inside, he is getting a very bad and off feeling.

Soon he reached there, and with a light push he opened the door and went inside.

"Oh you are here...take your seat.." Prithvi said once he noticed ishan.

Ishan nodded and sit on the chair, looking at prithvi.

"You said something big happened.. What is it?" Ishan directly asked him.

To which prithvi gave him a unknown look, before staring at him with seriousness.

The look in his eyes, made Ishan's guts feel more strong, something big had definitely happened and one thing is sure, it's not good one.

"Look i dont want to beat around the bush..What's going on between you and Shubman?" Prithvi asked straightforwardly.

Upon hearing his question shan immediately turn stiff as his whole body tensed up. His mind went on full panic mode.

"Has he found out about us? But how?, No...no this can't happen.." Ishan mentally tried to comfort himself.

After few seconds of internal debate, ishan looked at prithvi and said,

"What do you mean by that? Say it clearly..."

"Fine, if that's what you want...what were you two doing in that empty room at set yesterday? Does it now ringed some bell about what i'm asking?" Prithvi asked, a slight anger can be detected in his tone.

Ishan's whole mind went blank, it was like someone has dumped a bucket of cold water on him. He felt like air was knocked out from his lungs.

There was only one thing that keep repeating in his mind, like a stuck reel.

"He knows...he Fucking knows.."

Prithvi was waiting for him to say something but become concerned when he saw tears rolling down from Ishan's eyes.

"Heyy...Why are you crying? Shh..here drink some water..."

Only then ishan realised that he was crying, he immediately wiped his tears and didn't take the glass of water.

"Did...did you tell about this to higher ups also?" Ishan asked while Stammering, feeling scared of answer.

"No...not yet..and it can remain like this but only on one condition..." Prithvi said.

And ishan can already guess that condition, his heart sink at that just mere possibility. Ishan really didn't want to hear that condition at all.

But nonetheless, prithvi didn't know his inner turmoil and put the condition infront of him,

"Break up with Shubman..."

Those cruel words of prithvi, broke ishan's heart into million pieces. He stopped breathing for a minute. He tightly clenched his fist, digging nails in palm.

"What...what if i refuse?" Ishan dared to ask, while looking at that cruel man who is their so called manager.

To which prithvi gave him a guilty look.

"Then unwillingly i have to involve higher ups into this matter.... And you are well aware about what will happen if they get involved..." Prithvi replied.

Ishan let out an empty chuckle which was filled with mockery and indifference. He very well understand what Prithvi is saying.

To put it simply now he have to choose between their career or love? But is it really possible to choose one of them?

"Is this how it going to end?" Ishan thought miserably.

New tears start rolling down from his eyes which he harshly wiped.

" I don't have any other choice do i?" Ishan asked shallowly. His eyes were red because of crying.

Those expressionless eyes and voice made prithvi feel more guilty than ever but he really can't do anything about it.

"I'm sorry to say this but no...now everything depends on your decision, either your and Shubman's career or your relationship..." Prithvi said while stoning  his heart.

"You have one week to think it through..." Prithvi continued.

Ishan almost let out mocking sneer at his words, even whole time in world wouldn't be enough for him to think it over.

Still, Ishan nodded his head while getting up from chair, as he took first step, he stumbled as he couldn't even feel his legs, his whole body was numb.

"Be careful!.." Prithvi said.

Ishan didn't replied to him and composed himself before exiting without turning back for even a second. He dashed out from Prithvi's office....It was 5 P.M. and there was a tensed atmosphere in ICT apartment. Everyone had a worried expressions on their face as they can't seems to find ishan anywhere in apartment.

" Bhaiya...his phone is switched off.." Shubman said while entering the living room with a stressed face.

"Damn! Where this kid has gone, that too without telling anyone anything? This is highly unappreciated....let him come, i will break his legs.." Virat uttered angrily.

Shubman keep trying ishan number, all went in vain as it's still switched off. Shubman tightly clenched the phone in his hand while ruffling his hair in frustration.

"Where on the earth are you ish?" Shubman mumbled to himself, frustrated and worried.

Suddenly kl rahul's phone ringed, catching everyone's attention as their was an pin drop silence in living room.

Kl rahul received the call before pressing it against his ear.

"Hello..."

"Hello bhaiya...it's me mayank, can you please come to blue moon bar, ishan is dead drunk...I can't handle him alone..." Mayank said from other side of call,

"What the fuck?! Ishan is in bar,with you?!" Kl rahul shouted whil cursing which is a rare sight.

Everyone stare at him, wondering who called him.

Shubman walked to him and snatched the phone away from him before putting it on speaker.

"Shh bhaiya...tone it down what if Shubman heard you? He tell me not call Shubman that's why i called you..." Mayank hurriedly said from other side.

Shubman frowned at that, why Ishan don't want him to come there and get him?

"Too late for that...he with others already heard it..." Kl rahul replied with sigh.

All of them heard, mayank cursing faintly from other side,they could also hear Ishan's drunk blabbering in background.

"Stay there...i'm coming " by saying this Shubman immediately ended the call.

Shubman handed the phone back to kl rahul and start leaving from there but virat stopped him.

"I'm also coming with you.." Virat said firmly.

Shubman don't want argue right now and nodded. With that both of them left form there to a certain bar.

On road,virat tightly held his seat belt while praying whatever god is above to make them reach that bar safely, because Shubman is driving the car like plane in full speed.

Shubman suddenly take a sudden turn, startling virat to his death.

"Shubman for god sake drive like a human!!...who gave you driving licence, because from what i can see you are horrible and disastrous driver!!..." Virat shouted at him.

"Not right now bhaiya...i'm already worried for ish..I just want to reach there as soon as possible.." Shubman replied without taking his eyes off road.

Ishan is not someone, who drinks and gets this drunk carelessly and Shubman knows it. something is definitely bothering him.

"I understand you, we are also worried but that doesn't mean, i don't cherish my life...so please slow down the speed a little..i'm begging you.." Virat pleaded.

Shubman sighed before nodding, making virat take a breath of relief.

As that bar was not away from their apartment, it only took 30 minutes before Shubman and virat reached there.

Shubman pulled the car infront of entrance, and saw mayank who is having a very hard time handling a very drunk Ishan.

Before virat could come out from car, Shubman was already out of the car and quickly approached ishan.

He didn't even spare a single glance to mayank before Snatching ishan away from his hold. Shubman pulled ishan into his embrace, supporting him by his waist.

Mayank shook his head at Shubman's jealousy before saying,

"Please take care of him, I think he is tensed about something..."

Virat also joined them and thanked mayank for taking care of ishan, who nodded in acknowledgement.

"Hmm...did he tell you something, like what is bothering him?" Shubman asked.

Mayank was a little startled as it's first time, that Shubman is talking to him in sentence. But he overcome it, before shrugging.

"No...he just called me to meet here, and start drinking like there is no tomorrow...." Mayank replied with sigh.

Shubman frowned a little, but didn't said anything. He held Ishan more close to himself before looking down at his drunk face,

"Don't... Don't wanna.. Leave... Don't.." Ishan mumbled in drunkenness.

Shubman tired to listen but couldn't able to, as ishan's words were sounding like a mere whisper.

"Shubi...let's take him back, see he can't even stand properly..." Virat said, earning a nod from Shubman.

Shubman carried Ishan in bridal style and walked to their car with virat. Virat opened the back door, and Shubman made ishan lay on the back seat, before closing the door.

( like this )

"Thankyou once again...and you also go back now.." Virat turn and said to mayank.

"Sure thing bhaiya...bye guys.." With that mayank also left from there.

Shubman and virat also get inside their car and without wasting a second left from there towards ICT apartment.

Throughout the ride from bar to apartment, Shubman keep checking on Ishan though front mirror of car as other was still blabbering something in drunkenness.

Virat start feeling a headache and said with sigh,

"When you can't handle it then don't drink na...let him sober up a little, I will smack him so hard that he will forget what drinking means..."

Shubman was equally displeased by ishan's this careless behavior, leaving without informing anyone and getting drunk, it's not something ishan had done before.

With a frowned face, Shubman keep driving towards apartment, ishan need to give him a good explanation of all this after he sober up.

Soon they reached apartment, and walked inside with ishan in Shubman's hold.

Everyone surrounded them to check on Ishan but sighed when they saw his half conscious state.

"Move guys...Shubi, take him to your room and please change his clothes, he is reeking of alcohol.." Rohit reasoned.

Shubman nodded and went upstairs. He kicked open the door of his room and walked inside.

( Like this )

He went to bed before making ishan lay on their bed.

He stare at ishan's totally wasted state and sighed in annoyance. He then walked to cupboard and take out pair tshirt and shorts.

With a lots of difficulties, he finally changed ishan's clothes and made him more comfortable on bed before sitting beside him.

He raised his hands and start caressing Ishan's cheeks gently.

"What's bothering you so much ish, that you rather get this drunk instead of talking about it with me?..." Shubman muttered while staring at ishan's sleeping face.

" and I didn't like how you called that crocodile instead of me...i'm jealous baby.." Shubman continue, his tone was a little complaining.

But ofcourse ishan didn't replied as he was already sleep. Shubman then also layed down beside him and hugged ishan tightly in his embrace,

( imagine them as ishman )

"I just hope you are okay ish..."

That was his last thought before closing his eyes to get some sleep.

______________________________________

Note:

Sorry for late update, actually i'm busy with university works.

So here is today's chapter, please share your views on this chapter in comments. Vote for it if you like that chapter.

Images used above are not mine, I took them frompintrest.

See you soon in next update.Till then enjoy.

Author's POV**************

Shubman stare at ishan who is busy fooling around with surya and hardik, as his mind wandered to past few days.

He still remember the day when he went to bar, to get a very drunk ishan. After sobering up, when Shubman asked the reason behind all this, other just tossed it away while making excuses, like he was stressed about upcoming matches.

And Shubman can tell, ishan was lying, ishan may think that he can lie but Shubman knows better, ishan is anything but a good liar.

It's been two days to that whole scenario. In these days Shubman has noticed, ishan has become distant but only to him, other still behave same with other members. It was like ishan is close to him yet so far, like a invisible wall has come between them.

"Shubman....Stop drilling holes in ishan through your eyes.."

Kl rahul's voice brought him out of his thoughts, he turn around a look at kl rahul, who just appeared out of nowhere beside him.

"It's not like that bhaiya...i was just spacing out.." Shubman replied.

Kl rahul just nodded before quietly sitting there.

Shubman's eyes once again find it's way to ishan, who was also looking back at him, their eyes meet for few seconds before ishan turned his focus back on surya, who was saying something.

Shubman start feeling irritation in his heart, he just don't get the sudden change in ishan's behaviour. It's not like he didn't ask other, but ishan keep saying it's nothing.

"If You are going to keep sighing like this, you will have wrinkles, you know?" Once again kl rahul commented, staring at the sighing man.

Shubman didn't looked away from ishan and said,

"I going back to my room.."

Having said that, Shubman get up and directly left towards his room, upstairs.

Kl rahul stare at his retreating back and then shifted his graze back to ishan, whose eyes is also fixed on the stairs, before muttering to himself,

"Something is off , I mean ishan didn't tried even for a second to approach Shubman like other days..."

As he finished his words, he saw ishan excusing himself and going upstairs, more specially to his room.

"Or maybe i'm just overthinking?" Kl rahul said to himself before shrugging, not wanting dwell on it anymore.

Ishanhad a blank look on his face as he climb the stairs, it was like the one, who was laughing just few minutes ago,was someone else.

Prithvi's words keep haunting him day and night, leaving him all miserable. His words are eating him from inside.

He is trying his best wrap his head around this whole situation, that's why he is maintaining some distance from Shubman.

And he know his actions are hurting Shubman, his heart squeezed painfully at the thought of being reason behind Shubman's pain.

It's not like he don't want to share all this things with Shubman, but the thing is he can't bring himself to make Shubman choose between his career and their love, knowing Shubman's passion for cricket. He is not that cruel person.

Other might think that he is overthinking or just a coward but they are not in his shoes, so they don't have any right to look down on him, they don't know about the raging storms in his heart and mind.

While lost in his thoughts ishan reached his room and stare at it for few seconds before opening it and entering inside.

Shubman who was sitting on the bean bag, stare at the ishan who just walked inside, before mentioning him to come close. Ishan did what he was told, and stood infront Shubman.

Shubman looked up at ishan and held his wrist, before suddenly pulled ishan down on his lap, catching other off guard.

"You!! Why did you pulled me like that?" Ishan asked while staring at him.

Shubman's face was full of indifference. He didn't replied ishan and pulled ishan closed by his waist, staring in his soul as if wanted to see through him.

"Why i'm feeling like some distance has come between us, hmm ish? You laugh with members but hardly talk with me, why?" Shubman asked, looking a little frustrated.

Ishan gently caressed Shubman's face before pressing his forehead against Shubman's, their nose almost touching.

"It's not like that shub..." Ishan felt awful, lying to Shubman. He didn't dare looking in Shubman's eyes.

Shubman stare at man in his lap, before smirking mockingly. Then he thought of something before claiming ishan's lips in a rough kiss.

Ishan didn't refuse the kiss, he couldn't. He let Shubman abuse his lips brutally. Shubman keep kissing ishan like his life depends on it.

After few seconds he broke the kiss and attacked his neck, making ishan moan. Ishan bite his lips to suppress the moans, but Shubman keep sucking his sweet spot, making ishan unable to hold his moans.

As Shubman was busy painting ishan's neck, his hands slipped inside ishan's tshirt, feeling his bare skin.

As if touched by electric shock, ishan immediately broke the kiss before getting up from Shubman's lap.

"Didn't I told you before to never break the kiss in between? " Shubman asked while getting up from bean bag.

Ishan catched his breath before fixing himself a little and stare in Shubman's eyes which are filled with something unknown.

"I..i'm just not in mood, that's it" ishan lied once again.

Making Shubman let out hurt and shallow chuckle. Is Ishan start feeling bored of him?, no ishan is not that kind of person, than why he keep hurting Shubman with his actions? Shubman don't know.

"I understand...i'm sorry for just now.." Shubman said, hurt evident on his face and in voice.

" I will be back in a minute " by saying this Shubman dashed out from there.

Only if he had stayed a bit longer, he would have heard a heart wrenching sob escaping from Ishan's trembling lips.

Ishan stare at the door with tear filled eyes and covered his mouth to suppress his sobs.

"I'm sorry...i'm really sorry shub.." ishan cried pathetically and miserably.

Meanwhile on the rooftop, Shubman slammed closed the door with force before tugging his hair in frustration.

His eyes were red because of holding his tears back.

"Aghhhh...why...why are you hurting me ish...why dammit.." Shubman screamed at the top of his lungs while kicking the near wall.

Just now, when ishan pulled away from him, he felt like ishan don't want him anymore, like ishan will abandon him, this mere thought made him feel like dying a thousand times.

This feeling was so foreign to him. It was like something crushed his heart mercilessly, leaving him lifeless.

And finally he let his tears fall as slided down, leaning his back against wall, he put his head on his knees while sobbing silently.

"Please just don't abandon me ish...or else i will goCrazy..." Shubman muttered to himself, his voice was filled with vulnerability, like a kid who don't want to leave his favourite toy....Whole day went by just like that and Night falls. By now Everyone can gusse that something is definitely wrong with their youngest couple of team.

There is cold aura around Shubman, just like his first day in this team, and on the other, hand ishan also seems mentally absent.

To lighten the mood and air a bit, hardik suddenly come with cards and bottle filled with yellowish liquid. making everyone look at him.

"Let's play game to enjoy a little...what say?" Hardik asked.

Rohit was about to refuse but kohli nudged him before saying something through his eyes.

Rohit then stare at his youngster before eating  his " no" and agreeing with hardik.

With that some of them sit on the couch while some sit on the carpet of living room roughly making a circle.

"But how to play this game?" Kuldeep raised his question.

"It's simple, I have 11 cards in my hands, containing one king and 1 to 10 numbers card....so I will shuffle these cards and everyone will pick one card...the one who gets king, will say any random number, From one to ten and the one who have that number card will raise their card...and king will ask him or order him to do anything  and if other party refuse it, then they have to drink this lemon juice.."

"And you can't skip first two dares or questions, only after second question we will use lemon juice to avoid the questions or dares..."

Hardik explained the rules of the game while show them that bottle of juice.

( a/n: I used to play this game with my cousin so that's why decided to use it here..)

Everyone stare at the bottle in hardik's hand, and already felt their tongue sour. They didn't even asked about how he managed to squeeze that much lemon juice, they are used to hardik's wierd antics.

"Okay so let's start..."

Saying that, hardik shuffled the cards thoroughly and sign members to pick one by one, all of them did what they were told and picked the cards.

"So who got king?" Virat asked after checking his own card.

Siraj raised his hand, saying it's him.

"Alright....number 8?."  Siraj called, eyes scaning the circle of members.

"Umm, mine is 8...ask whatever you want to ask" replied said while sighing.

Siraj clapped his hand excitedly, as his eyes shone with mischief, giving shivers to sami.

"Show us some dance skills of yours, and remember you can't refuse.." Siraj said.

Everyone start cheering and hooting encouraging sami. Hardik and virat share a look when they saw ishan and Shubman smiling and enjoying with others, looks like it was worth.

Sami cried at his unlucky fate before standing up on his place, bumrah turn on the music in his phone and sami start dancing Weirdly making other laugh.

After dancing for few minutes, sami immediately sit back and tell them run an another round.

On second round, kl rahul was king, and he choose number 3.

"It's me bhaiya... Please show some mercy bhaiya..." Ishan pleaded to kl rahul as he don't want to do wierd things.

"So...did you had any crush before?" Kl rahul asked.

Everyone eagerly waited for his answer, Shubman who was quite this whole time, now his eyes were also staring at him.

Ishan can feel Shubman's burning graze on himself,

"I had, in middle school, she was my class monitor, but it was just kid crush...nothing much.." Ishan replied truthfully.

Everyone nodded before start shuffling the cards again for another round. In between all this, Ishan felt Shubman leaning close to him, he subconsciously held his breath.

"She must be pretty " Shubman spat indifferently in ishan's ear, jealousy dripping from his tone.

Ishan clenched his fist tightly, and didn't replied anything, focusing back to game. Shubman also wasn't expecting a reply, so he also shifted his attention back to game.

After playing for 20 minutes, ishan was feeling thirsty, so he excused himself and start walking towards kitchen.

At the same moment, virat who was king this time, randomly choose number 7 which happened to be Shubman's card.

"Go ahead... But please not wierd things.." Shubman said to virat.

" fine I took pity on you...I will ask something simple, what's the best thing that happened to you ever..." Virat asked him.

Ishan stopped in midway as he heard virat's question, he really want to know what will be Shubman's answer, thinking like that he stood few steps away from kitchen, back facing the group.

Soon he heard Shubman's reply, his tone didn't held even a slightest hesitation.

"Cricket..." This was Shubman's answer.

And it was like all doubts disappeared from ishan's heart, now he know what to do, although doing that will break his heart and him but it's for best. Thinking like this he hurriedly went inside kitchen while rubbing his eyes to suppress the tears from falling.

Only if he had stayed a bit longer.

"Because it was cricket through which i met ishan, the love of my life. And now he is the best thing that happened to me..." Shubman continued with small smile on his lips.

Everyone stare at him, and shook their heads before chuckling.

"I'm not even surprised anymore...you are a gone case shubi.." Virat let out, with exaggerating sigh.

Shubman nodded and they continued the game, Shubman turn around and saw ishan still haven't returned, just when he was about to go and check on him, he saw ishan coming back.

Shubman become worried when he saw Ishan's a little red eyes.

Ishan gave him a small smile, when noticed his worried glaze before sitting beside him.

"What happened to your eyes? Why it's red?" Shubman whispered worriedly.

"Something got in my eyes, I rubbed it so it turned red i guess..." Ishan replied, lying for nth time.

Shubman didn't replied and just nodded in understanding. It's like if he will ask, ishan will tell him truth, so Shubman just gave up.

Shubman was totally unaware about the upcoming storm in his life, which will turn his live up and down.

______________________________________

Note:

Actually i wanted to update in morning as always but didn't get time so, here the update.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

Happy belated Valentine's day to all ofYou ❤️🥀

see you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

ICT apartment was filled with laughter and giggles. Whole team was busy having fun, suddenly rohit got a call so he had to excuse him and went to side, to attend the call.

Others continued the game while waiting for him to finish the call.

Soon He returned after finishing the call. He has a brilliant and dazzling smile on his, almost blinding everyone.

Rohit happily skipped towards them before taking his previous seat.

"Who was it? Your smile is as bright as sun...did you won a lottery or something?" Virat asked while raising an eyebrow at him

Other also nodded in agreement as they also want to know about the reason behind his smile.

"Far best from winning some lottery. Actually it was rahul sir, and guess what, he gave us 10 days off to go our homes before asia cup start..." Rohit drop the bomb, good one.

Everyone exclaimed happily finally ten days away from hellish practice. They are really thankful of rahul dravid for his thoughtfulness.

Everyone was happy but someone was happier, it's was our captain rohit.

"You seems far more excited than anyone else why?" Virat asked as it's unusual.

"10 days away from these bunch of idiots, it like a heaven for me. Finally some time away from all these chaotic brats,so ofcourse i'm on cloud nine.."

Hearing Rohit's merciless reply, everyone gave him an offended look, feeling wronged by him, which ofcourse rohit ignored.

"We all are leaving tomorrow itself, so now stop playing and go pack your bags,-" suddenly ishan,who was silent till now, raised hand stopping rohit in midway,

"Bhaiya can I leave a little later, like in noon, I actually have some work.." Ishan asked.

Shubman frowned a little at that but decided not to say anything.

"Sure, no problem..." Rohit replied, earning a nod from ishan.

And with that game come to an end, as everyone made their way towards their respective rooms.

Ishan and Shubman returned to their room. They hurriedly started doing their packing, Ishan become busy with folding his clothes.

While shubman was having hard time in packing, it's really not his cup of tea. Ishan noticed this and sighed before walking to him.

"Go and wash up...i will do it for you because if you keep doing it like this, I believe it will take whole night to finish your packing..." Ishan said while Snatching the tshirt from Shubman's hand.

Ishan was expecting some teasing from Shubman as other always do, calling him good wife and all,

But this time he only heard one word from Shubman's mouth.

"Thanks.."

After saying this Shubman took a towel from side before going inside bathroom to wash up.

"Maybe this for good..." Ishan chuckled bitterly to himself as he stare at the bathroom door.

After 40 minutes, ishan was done with their packing, Shubman was already laying on the other side of bed.

Ishan wash up and headed directly to their bed. There was unusual silence between them, no one talk or said anything.

Ishan closed his eyes, trying to get some sleep, feeling mentally drained. But he didn't get any sleep as he was used to sleep while hugging Shubman. he keep changing his posture, restlessly.

Suddenly his movements stopped, when he felt Shubman removing space between them and securing him in his arms, back hugging him.

(Something like this)

"Get some Sleep ish..." Shubman mumbled softly over ishan's head, pulling him more close before placing a kiss on his hair.

And ishan immediately felt himself relaxing in Shubman's arms, he always feel peace in those arms, he want to be selfish for last time, with that thought, Ishan pressed him back more against his chest and just like that, within few minutes he fell asleep.

But Shubman was far away from falling sleep, he keep staring at wall blankly, not knowing what's going on in his life.

It's like he is running in circles aimlessly. He keep getting a feeling like ishan is slipping through his fingers like sand.

Suddenly ishan's phone dinged, indicating new message, breaking Shubman's daze.

He looked at ishan who is already in deep slumber before reaching slowly for his phone to check the sender.

It's quite late, so who it can be?

He easily opened the phone as ishan don't like putting lock on phone before checking the notification.

But his whole being turn dead cold when he saw the sender and text. The expressions on his face turn frostier than a wintry cloudy night.

"Ishan, you have to make your mind fast ,you only have few days remaining. please break up with Shubman, it's the only way to save the career of both of you..."-text from prithvi ( manager)

He tightly clenched the phone in his hand, as if wanting to crush it with hands. His whole aura turn chilling and dark.

Every cell of his body was raging with the urge to destroy something.

It only took few seconds before everything start making sense to Shubman, now he understand why ishan was behaving like that and kept pushing him away.

So it turn out that somehow their team manager has got to know about their relationship.

He clenched his jaw in anger. How can prithvi become this petty to manipulate ishan?

His dark eyes, which are now looking not less then a deadly abyss, turn to stare at the male in arms.

"So this is it.." He said while gritting his teeth, feeling furious.

" this whole time you were thinking about breaking up with me? Do I mean this less to you? " Shubman mumbled in a empty voice. His eyes turn teary at this conclusion.

Then Shubman put the phone away, like nothing happened. His hold around ishan tightened as if afraid that other will disappear.

His hands keep shaking while wrapped around ishan's frame.

Suddenly Shubman let out a dark chuckle, his eyes flashing with dangerous glint. It was like something snapped inside him, he was looking a total different person.

" I had already warned you to not test me and my patience but you decided otherwise. You want to play right, then let's play....I will show you who's is the real master of this game..."

Shubman said in a foreign voice, his eyes were filled with madness.

Ishan slept peacefully in his lover's arms, totally oblivious to all this. Shubman then pulled ishan impossibly close to his body.

"This is where you belong jaan, in my arms. And oh our dear manager, you did so wrong, now you will see how truly evil i can be...you messed with my precious, now get ready to bear the consequences..."

Shubman chuckled evilly, his smile was enough to give lifetime nightmare to someone.

"Have a great sleep jaan, you are not going to get away from me not now, not ever..."

Shubman uttered before gently kissing ishan's neck and closed his eyes to get some sleep as well....Next morning, when ishan woke up Shubman was not by his side, on bed.

Shubman must be downstairs, thinking like this, ishan get up and habitually reached for his phone to check time, it was 8:15 A.M.

(A/n: I have the same habit, so why not?)

He saw the notification of new message and opened the message, before sighing brokenly as he read the text send by prithvi.

But now that he had already made his mind then, what's the point of delaying it.

Ishan took a deep breath before typing a reply to prithvi with his shaking fingers.

"Let's meet at sunrise cafe at 12 pm, i want to talk about something before saying my decision..." -text sent by ishan.

After doing this, ishan put the phone away and went inside bathroom to take shower.

Just when he went inside, Shubman walked inside room as if he knew ishan would in shower right now.

He directly went to bedside table and took ishan's phone before opening the messages.

"So this is the work you have..." Shubman sneered when he read ishan's text.

He saw cafe name, before smirking devilishly. He then put the phone back and leaving the room like he was never there in first place.

Ishan come out with a towel rubbing his hair. He frowned as he scanned the room.

"Why did I felt like i heard door opening? Was I hallucinating?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Not dwelling much on it, ishan get ready before heading downstairs to greet other members.

"Good morning guys..." Ishan said while entering living room.

Everything greeted him back,and just like he has guessed Shubman was also with others.

"Let's have breakfast...i'm starving here.." Shreyas whined, while rubbing his tummy. Earning chuckle from members.

Everyone headed to dining table and took their respective seats before start enjoying their breakfast.

"Umm yeah all of us have early flights except you ishu...your flight time is 2 P.M...i hope you all already done with your packing..." Suddenly rohit informed everyone as he was the one who booked the flights.

Everyone including Ishan let out a sound of acknowledgement.

"Leave about them, you just make sure that this time you don't forget anything.... Please double check your passport before anything else...i'm begging you.." Virat said, having enough of other's forgetfulness.

Upon hearing him, rohit immediately pouted, making everyone present there chuckle.

"Yeah yeah...whatever" rohit replied while rolling his eyes at virat.

Virat just shook his head before everyone resumed their meal.

Now it's time for Everyone except Ishan to leave for airport, all of them are standing at entrance with their luggage. Ishan was also their as he want see off them.

Soon the bus sent by management arrived and all of them start putting their luggage inside.

Ishan then one by one hugged all of them with a smile.

"I Will miss you all..." Ishan said while looking a little emotional.

Everyone cooed at him.

"Stop pretending, I know you only going to miss your boyfriend..." Virat teased him to divert ishan's mind.

Shubman just look at ishan, wondering does other even miss him? He don't know.

"You are so mean bhaiya..." Ishan whined while sniffing a little.

Everyone did a group hug before getting inside bus one by one.

Shubman was still angry at ishan after knowing all that ,that's why without hugging or anything he just get inside bus.

As he was the last one to enter, no one noticed his unusual behaviour.

To say ishan was hurt because of Shubman's action, would be understandable. But again, he was the one who pushed other away first, maybe he deserve this cold treatment.

Ishan keep staring at Shubman while standing in same position, as other was sitting on window side, not looking back at him.

With in few minutes, bus started and exited the entrance. Shubman closed his eyes but immediately opened them when ishan's dejected look from earlier fleshes before his eyes.

"Fuck it!!" He cursed under his breath.

And Just when bus reached only little away from main gate, Shubman suddenly get up from his seat,

"Stop the bus!!" He shouted, startling other members.

As driver stopped the bus, Shubman hurriedly jumped down from the bus before running back towards main gate.

"What happened to him suddenly?" Rohit asked in bewilderment.

"Iike hell we know what goes inside his head.." Virat sighed as he replied.

Ishan, who was about to enter the apartment, stopped midway when he heard a very familiar voice shouting his name

" ISH!!..."

Ishan turn around, only to find Shubman running towards him in full speed, ishan frowned in confusion.

With in few seconds Shubman was infront of ishan and before ishan could ask anything or process anything, Shubman gripped the back of his neck before smashing his lips against ishan's.

At first ishan was stunned but soon he kissed other back, Shubman keep nibbling and sucking ishan's lips urgently, ishan didn't stopped him.

After kissing like that for almost 2 minutes, Shubman break the kiss and cupped ishan's face in his palms.

"We will meet soon..." Shubman let out as he stare at ishan meaningfully. There was a subtle change in his tone as he let out those words.

Ishan ,who thought it was just a normal parting words, nodded with a heavy heart. Only god knows if he ever able to be this close to Shubman again.

"I'm going then...others are waiting in bus, I love you ish, always remember that.." Shubman said while pecking ishan's lips once again.

And without waiting for ishan's reply Shubman run away from there, while waving at him.

"I love you too shub..." Ishan waved back as his eyes turn teary.

After 1 hr, Shubman with other members arrived at airport. And from there all of them parted their ways as they have different flights.

"Give me a call once you all reach your homes..." Rohit said to his team members.

Everyone nodded and left to their specific flight area.

Shubman was the going Punjab as currently his family is in punjab. But instead of going towards password checking area, he dragged his luggage to back side exit of airport while tearing his ticket with teeth.

He took a taxi before leaving to a specific place. After 45 minutes of ride, he finally reached his destination.

Shubman get down from taxi, payed the money before walking inside the house, which was infront of him with his luggage, while whistling a wierd tone....On road,prithvi was driving towards sunrise cafe where ishan called him for meet up.

He let out a annoyed and irritated sigh as his phone keep ringing without stopping for even a second, giving headache to him.

Finally he decided to pick the call while driving with one hand but a frown appeared on his face when he saw the unknown number.

First he decided to ignore the call, thinking it might be spam but on second thought he received the call, because what if it's something work related.

"Hello,it's prithvi...who is it?" Prithvi asked while pressing the call against his ear.

other side was dead silent.

"Hello, can you hear my voice?" Prithvi asked again when he didn't get any reply.

"Hello...hello?" Even after trying for many times he didn't hear anything from other side.

"The fuck? If you want to prank, go prank someone else...bunch of useless idi-ahhhhh"

As he was busy cursing over phone, he didn't notice a car coming in his direction with speed before crashing against his car.

Other car didn't suffer much damage compare to Prithvi's car and hurriedly flee from there, not wanting to be caught.

Prithvi's head pumped harshly into steering wheel as his head start bleeding badly. The phone from his hand slipped down as he lost his conscious.

After few minutes of silence in car, a chilly and dark voice sounded from other side of call, the voice was filled with fake pity.

"That's why it is said not to use phone while driving, otherwise a accident may happen..."

And with that the call ended.

Rushing sounds of people towards the car and sound of ambulance can be heard soon._______________________________________Note:

Here is the new update. I hope it's upto everyone's expectation.

Please share your views on the chapter and vote for it if you like it.

See you soon in next updateStay healthy and happy till then ❤️ .

Author's POV**************

There was pin drop silence in living room of abhishek's house. Not even a single sound can be heard there.

Abhishek, keep staring at the man infront of him, with a pale face. His face was looking like, he just lost his soul.

Shubman who was busy breaking the sim card, saw his paled face and decided to break his daze.

"Hello? Did your soul still haven't returned? Are you even alive?" Shubman asked while clicking fingers infront of dazed man.

Only then abhishek's face gain some colours. He stare at Shubman with wide eyes before howling loudly like a mad person.

" What the fuck!!...what the fuck just I heard?? That loud sound was so frightening, enough to give life time scare to someone!!"

Thank god he lives alone otherwise other would have thought that he had gone crazy.

Actually after leaving from airport, Shubman directly come to abhishek's house and explained everything to him.

Abhishek was really shocked but he had never thought that Shubman will go to this extent, to threaten someone's life.

Shubman just shot him an unimpressed look before shrugging,

"Tone it down, will you? And stop exaggerating..." Shubman said while taking a apple and fruit knife from front table before cutting it slowly.

To which abhishek stare at him like other has grown two heads.

"I'm exaggerating? Bro you just caused your own team manager's accident!! What...what if he died?" Abhishek's words waver a little in end.

"He won't, i'm not that cruel okay? He should be fine after 10 to 15 admission in hospital...I just wanted him to know my pain...few days of hospitalization should be enough.." Shubman replied like he is talking about something casual.

"Hiring people to cause someone's accident, is not being cruel?....who are you? Where is Shubman? You can't be him...I know he was foul mouthed, short tempered, a total asshole with me but he was never a criminal!!..."

Abhishek asked,thinking other is definitely possessed, because a normal people can never talk like this.

"Stop damaging my ears with your shrill voice... And sit back to your place,.." Shubman replied feeling irritated.

Abhishek was still not over with that shock but nonetheless, he sit back on the opposite couch. He took few deep breathes before looking at Shubman, who was busy eating apple.

"What if ishan got to know about this? Do you think he will still love you? What if he leave you-"

abhishek's words come to halt when Shubman suddenly pointed the fruit knife towards him, while glaring fiercely at him.

"What did you just say?" Shubman asked, gritting his teeth.

Only then abhishek realised that he had stepped into a forbidden territory and blurted out something he shouldn't have.

As quietly as frightened mouse, abhishek backed away a little,

"You..you clearly heard it.." Abhishek replied,feeling scared.

"And you clearly don't want to take the risk of saying it again..." Shubman said while clicking his tongue.

"Whatever, now please put that fruit knife away...it's for cutting fruits not my neck..." Abhishek replied while pointing at knife.

Shubman tched at him before placing the knife away and checked the time.

"It's time...go you already know what to do, I have already send you the location.." Shubman said to him.

Interpreting the meaning behind Shubman's words, abhishek nodded but he was looking damn nervous as his palms turn sweaty.

"As you know this is my first time doing something like this, so what if i made any mistake?" Abhishek asked carefully.

Shubman stopped eating apple for a second before picking the knife once again and running his finger at it, he then stare at abhishek who gulped.

"Then, don't know about prithvi but i will surely kill you..." Shubman replied while giving a sickening smile to him.

Abhishek immediately get up and start rubbing his arms to calm the goosebumps,

"Don't worry...There won't be any mistake, I have watched it in so many movies,so rest assured..." Abhishek replied hurriedly.

Shubman gave him a dimple smile, if it was other time abhishek who have find him handsome but right now he is looking nothing less than a blood thirsty demon.

"Good for you.." Shubman replied,

"I'm going then.."

Having said that, abhishek didn't even wait for Shubman's reply before hurriedly walking towards exit.

"Love is indeed deadly feeling, it can drive even a nice person to madness, take Shubman as example... Tch tch.."

Abhishek shook his head in pity and mentally take a note to never fall in love with anyone.

With these thoughts, he exited the house, going to do whatever Shubman has told him.

After 15 minutes, Shubman also get up and took his luggage before walking out from house. He then locked the door and hide the key behind a pot.

"Let's go, I also need to reach somewhere..." Shubman muttered to himself and left from there....At sunrise cafe,Ishan keep looking at entrance door, waiting for prithvi. It's already 12:30 PM but other is still nowhere in sight.

He took out his phone and called other but prithvi didn't received it making ishan sigh.

After waiting for more 15 minutes, Ishan finally had enough. He can't stay here forever waiting other, he need to go back to apartment as his flight is at 2 pm.

So without any further delay, ishan exited the cafe.

He was going towards his car, which was parked in parking area of cafe, but suddenly he felt as something is wrong, like someone is following him and before he could turn around to check, a hand come and covered his mouth.

Ishan start struggling as his eyes widened in fear. Another two men come and lifted him before hurriedly putting him inside a car, taking him god knows where.

There was three man in car including driver, ishan keep shouting at them, surprisingly they didn't made him unconscious or tape his mouth.

he really wonder where is police when people needed them most?

"Who are you guys?! And what are you guys doing? Leave me this instant, you fuckers!!.." Ishan shouted at them.

When the man who was driving turn around, ishan had to admit other look too decent to be a kidnapper.

"We will move to introduction part later and about second question, congratulations we are here to kidnap you...bhabhi..." The man replied with smile.

What in the star plus, is this? Kidnapping really?! He don't think he had offended anyone from underworld, then what's all this?

Although ishan found it odd when that man referred him as "bhabhi", and just when was about to say something, that man spoke again,

"And you two, what are you waiting for...make him unconscious already!.." That man said while looking at other two men.

"Sorry, it's our first time doing this, so kind of forget it.." One of them said while scratching his nape awkwardly,

"Whatever...." That man replied with a done tone.

Then One of them then sprayed chloroform on handkerchief and forcefully put it on ishan's nose.

Ishan immediately start struggling, throwing his hand and legs, here and there in panic, his eyes turn teary because feeling scared and helpless.

He closed his tightly as tears rolled down from his ears, a smiling face for Shubman flashed before his eyes.

"Shub..." That was his last word before he finally lose his consciousness.

"Make him lay gently on the back seat and both of you get down from car,I will handle it from here...and thankyou so much for today guys..." That man said while stopping the car on road side.

Other two nodded and did what they were told before getting down from car.

"Mention not abhi, after all what are friends for... By the way bhabhi is so pretty, shubman has good eyes..." One of them commented while chuckling.

And abhishek have to agree with his words. Ishan is indeed very beautiful, abhishek just don't know what sin ishan had committed in his past life to fall in love with his devil like bestfriend.

"One is walking red flag while other one is dora the explorer, a total blind...a pair of total chaos"Abhishek thought mentally and shook his head.

They bid their goodbyes before abhishek started the car once again, leaving towards the location sent by Shubman, knowing other is also waiting for them there.

"Its crazy what you do for friendship!! shubman better treat me nicely from now on, I have taken this much risk just for him..."

Abhishek thought while looking at an unconscious ishan, through front car mirror....God knows after how long, ishan regained his consciousness. He slowly opened his eyes, only to find his surrounding all dark.

At first he was still a little muddled headed, before everything hit him like a truck.

Right, few people from out of nowhere come and kidnapped him!!

Ishan hurriedly get up and surprisingly instead of being tied up on chair or something like that, he was laying on a big and comfy bed.

Where is this place? And why it is so dark here? Not even a single source of light was present in room.

"LET ME GO!! WHO ARE YOU GUYS?! WHAT WRONG HAVE I DONE TO YOU ALL? Please-please let me go...." Ishan shouted but his voice cracked at end as tears welled up in his eyes.

He never felt this much helpless before, he don't even know how to escape from this unexpected situation.

He don't know if others even now about his disappearance, but how will they know, all of them would be in plane right now.

Just when he was lost in thoughts, he heard someone saying,

"I didn't make you mine, just to leave you this easily...."

Ishan snapped his neck in direction of voice and saw someone sitting on the chair in dark.

( like this )

Ishan don't need to saw other's face, he can tell who other is. he know this voice like a back of his hand. It's the same voice he used to hear every day.

"S-shub?" Ishan let out as his lips trembled.

When his word fell, the light of room turned on, giving ishan clear view of Shubman sitting there while crossing his legs, looking at him with a smile more like a smirk.

"Didn't I told you that we will meet soon? So here we are...missed me?" Shubman asked while walking towards ishan.

Ishan was beyond shocked, shouldn't Shubman have been in plane, then why he is here?

"Why are you here instead of airport...why did you brought me here like this? And where is this place?" Ishan asked, he don't know what but something is amiss about Shubman's behaviour.

Shubman's expression changed for a swift second before smiling once again. He sit on the bed.

"This is my house, remember when i brought you here for first time, you didn't wanted to leave from here..." Shubman replied ignoring his other two questions. He chuckled a little upon remembering that day.

But that chuckle made ishan shiver, something is definitely wrong with Shubman' aura today. Ishan composed himself before staring at Shubman.

"I asked you, instead of going back to punjab what are you doing here? And what's the meaning of all this..." Ishan asked once again, a little impatiently.

Shubman's smile fall off. His expressions darkened, the temperature of room fall by few degrees, giving chills to ishan.

"Why? Did i spoiled your plan of breaking up with me? Hmm baby tell me?" Shubman's dark and intimidating voice echoed in the room.

Ishan immediately turn stiff when he heard Shubman, it was as his mind stop working for a good minute. his eyes widened at being exposed.

How does Shubman even got to know about this?

As if Shubman heard his question, other replied, with dark chuckle,

" How I find it out doesn't matter, what matter is how dare you even think about leaving me? HOW DARE YOU ISH?!" Shubman shouted in rage filled voice, startling ishan.

Now that Shubman already knows about it, it's better to get over with it right now, atleast it will hurt a little less when Shubman start hating him so, ishan stoned his heart and let out those merciless words which will break his own heart, beyond repair.

"Now that you already know, yes i want break up...I fell out of love, I don't love you anymore....now let me go!! We are ov-"

Ishan's words come to an halt when, Shubman aggressively pulled ishan towards himself, staring at him with his blood shot eyes.

"I Dare you complete that sentence sweetheart... Believe me you will regret is so bad...You and me can never be over, NEVER!!" Shubman husked calmly but his eyes were holding back raging flames. His grip tightened around ishan.

Ishan gulped feeling scared, it was like deja vu, just like his birthday night incident. This time too, Shubman seems totally different person. He wasn't that sweet and gentle but an aggressive person.

"Leave me...you can't force me like this to stay with you. I don't love you anymore. Leave me i want to go home!!"

Ishan keep telling lies after lies, while struggling to free himself from Shubman's hold but other only tightened his hold more.

"I AM YOUR FUCKING HOME, DAMMIT!!...fate made you for me, only me ish.." Shubman screamed, feeling himself losing control in anger.

"I'm not yours!! And I don't love you, why don't you understand?" Ishan shouted back at him, as tears start falling from his eyes.

"You are! And you can't deny it.... And about not loving me, it's okay my love is enough for us, you know if I were a good man, I would have let you go....but i'm not!!, i'm selfish I take whatever I want and i want you..." Shubman shouted, staring direct into ishan's soul.

Suddenly ishan realise something, his face turn pale, he even stopped struggling.

"You...you are-" ishan really don't want to complete this sentence.

But Shubman did.

"Obsessed? call it obsession, foolishness or Fucking madness, I don't care because either way you are mine!!"

Ishan was lost, his mind went blank as he stare Shubman in bewilderment. Not knowing how to react to this revelation.

Shubman put his face in ishan's neck, sniffing his natural scent to calm his anger but as ishan was still in shock, he flinched at Shubman's action.

And the next moment, Shubman's teeth sink in his neck, biting there harshly, making ishan let out a yelp of pain.

"Never flinch at my touch, got it jaan?" Shubman asked darkly.

"Y-yes..." Ishan replied weakly.

Shubman then pulled away from ishan,this time Shubman didn't had that scary aura,he cupped ishan's face.

"You stole my heart and invaded my mind, feeling it with the fantasies, I craved and it was all going good too but you had ruin everything. Why did you listen to that prithvi and not me? Was I not good enough for you?, Believe me when i got to know about you leaving me, it shedded my heart into tiny pieces...was it fun to play with me and my feelings?"

Shubman's voice was filled with sadness and vulnerability, tears trailed down from his eyes.

Ishan closed his eyes, he can't bring himself to see Shubman in that broken state, it's killing him from inside. He Never knew love can bring this much pain upon someone.

Get silence from Ishan, Shubman let out a sarcastic laugh.

"But don't worry, I will not let you play with me like this. You are staying here with me, until you fall for me again..." Shubman said while wiping his tear messily.

Ishan quickly opened his eyes at that. No he cant stay here, because he know he will breakdown infront of Shubman. It won't take much time for Shubman to see through his pretense.

Thinking like this, ishan gathered his all strength and pushed Shubman away harshly before running towards door.

Although it caught Shubman off guard, he still hurriedly composed himself and run to ishan before picking ishan up over his shoulder and throwing him harshly on bed before hovering over him completely.

He pinned ishan's both hand above his head before leaning close to the struggling male's face.

"Don't force me to tie you up against this bed jaan, because believe me i can do that...so lay here like good boy and don't cause trouble..." Shubman said darkly.

"You...you are crazy!!" Ishan shouted at him.

Shubman smiled at that, before kissing ishan on his lips. He bit on corner of his lower lip before pulling away.

" yes i am crazy, but on reality aren't we all? Maybe I have driven to the paths of madness but remember that it was always you who led me there, and you have take your part of guilt for that.."

Shubman replied with a innocent smile, making ishan shudder.

At this moment ishan realised, that he had chosen a mess, and this mess can't live without him and he also can't live without this mess.

It's crazy how love works, so scary yet so tempting.

______________________________________

Note:

Longest chapter of this book, i'm sorry if anyone of you find it boring.

I don't know how this chapter turn this long, hehe. This whole chapter is filled with dark Shubman.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

See you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

For some reasons, ishan didn't protested or struggled after Shubman's words. Shubman then left the room,afraid of doing something which he will regret later, but not before locking the door.

Ishan curled himself in a ball and start sobbing silently.

"Why everything is getting messier? Why can't I live happily with Shubman? Why god why?" Ishan screamed in his mind, but didn't get any answer to his questions.

The sound of his heart wrenching sobs echoed in empty room.

Shubman went directly to spare room before slamming the door with force. He was breathing heavily, his eyes were red, not sure if it was because of crying or anger or maybe both.

"I don't love you anymore..let me go!"

Ishan words from earlier echoed in his head, making Shubman all restless.

And As if something snapped inside him, he start breaking everything in that room.

"Ahhh...why...why...did you say that? How can you say it that easily?" Shubman screamed.

He smashed all the vase and painting on the floor.

After destroying almost everything in that room, Shubman walked to mirror and stare at his current self, with mocking smile.

"Look what your love has done to me, jaan..." Shubman uttered with a chuckle while looking at his messy state.

"I was never like this...and believe me I never wanted to force you this way....,it's just how else was I supposed to stop you from leaving me? You are my whole world, my wife, I always dream to protect you and in return i just wanted you to love me unconditionally, without any ounce of hesitation, is that too mich to ask?...."

Shubman continue talking to himself, while fresh tears rolled down from his eyes.

Suddenly his expression darkened and his eyes lost the trace of softness.

" And it's all because of only one person. Only if he haven't put nonsense in your mind, you wouldn't have thought of leaving me. So in the end i did what was necessary to bring you back in my arms, and I don't feel any shame in admitting that I feel no remorse in that. "

"I know you love me...you love me, my ish love me...I know, he is just scared because of prithvi nothing else...yeah.." Shubman assured himself.

Then he punched the mirror, breaking it. Few small glass particles pierced his knuckles, blood start dripping from his hand, but Shubman didn't payed any mind to it.

Shubman walked to the bed and sit there whole staring at his bloody hand, then suddenly his phone ringed. He saw it's from rohit so he picked the call.

In all this he had forgotten about calling rohit.

"Hello bhaiya..." Shubman tried his best to sound as normal as he can.

"Did you reached home?" Rohit asked over the call.

"Yes...finally i'mhome" Shubman replied meaningfully.

"Good, say hello to your family for me and did you talk with ishan?, his phone is switched off I can't reach him.." Rohit said.

Shubman took out ishan's phone from his side pocket which he, himself switched off and replied,

"Yeah bhaiya...he must be in plane right now, his phone had low battery, that's why it's switched off I guess..." Shubman replied calmly, playing with ishan's phone with his wounded hand.

Rohit made a sound of acknowledgement. Both of them talked about few things, before rohit ended the call.

"Sorry bhaiya for lying to you..." Shubman mumbled while staring at his phone screen....Ishan was staring at wall with blank look, his eyed were swollen because of crying too much.

He heard  door of room opening. He didn't turn around as he already know who is at door. Soon sound of footsteps approached the bed before stopping.

"Get up ish...and eat something, you must be hungry...."

Ishan heard Shubman saying.

"I'm not hungry!" Ishan rejected, without looking at other.

Shubman sighed at other's stubbornness before placing the food plate on side table. He sit on the bed and gently held others arm, shaking it.

"Please ish...you are upset with me but dont take out your anger on food, your stomach will start paining if you didn't eat something... Please..." Shubman gently pleaded.

"Oh please stop pretending like you care about me...because if you really cared for me, then you wouldn't have forced me to stay with you like this..."

Ishan controlled his cracking voice and tears before replying coldly.

Ishan's cold voice was breaking Shubman's heart, but he don't mind as long as he can wake up to ishan's face every morning, he is ready to endure anything.

"Baby..please, don't be stubborn..." Shubman tried once again.

As ishan was already mentally and physically disturbed, in frustration he jerked away Shubman's hand with force, making Shubman lost balance as he was sitting on edge.

To stop himself from falling, Shubman used his wounded hand to support his body but ended up yelping in pain as his wound opened again and blood start oozing out from it.

Ishan quickly turn around when heard Shubman's pained voice and get up to check Shubman, only to let out a startled gasp when he saw shubman's wounded hand.

He hurriedly grabbed Shubman's wounded hand in his hands as a sob escaped from his lips.

"Ahh..." Shubman hissed a little when unintentionally ishan tugged his hand  a little hardly.

"Sorry...i'm really sorry!! How did this happened? And why haven't you treated it yet?" Ishan asked worriedly, the wound was looking deep.

To which Shubman just stare at the worried male and replied,

"None of your business....my wound and pain shouldn't bother someone, who feel nothing for me...and it's nothing serious,.." Shubman replied without any emotions, and pulled his hand away.

Ishan stare at him in disbelief with his teary eyes.

"How can you say it's nothing serious, when wound is this big and deep?! Where is first aid box...let me treat it.."

Ishan then get up hurriedly and was about to look for first aid box in drawers but Shubman held his hand stopping him.

"Why are you so worried for me? Is it paining you too? But that shouldn't be the case, as you didn't thought twice before breaking my heart then what's this small pain...right?"  Shubman said mockingly, eyes filled with hurt and sadness.

Shubman's every taunting words pierced ishan's already wounded heart but it's not like he can blame other for it.

"Just..because I don't love you, doesn't mean i can see you in pain..." Ishan replied, his heart bleed every time, he says that he don't love Shubman.

Shubman pulled ishan closed to his chest with his well hand, bending a little to look in ishan's eyes.

"You are worried about this pain but what about my heart ish? It's paining like hell, I can't breath properly because of this intense pain...can you treat it too?" Shubman asked in a broken voice.

"Please...please... Don't say things like this.." Ishan stuttered whole he avoiding Shubman's eyes as his eyes was turning teary once again.

Shubman stare at ishan's face before hiding his face in ishan's nape of neck, when ishan was about to protest, he wrapped well hand around ishan's waist, holding him tightly.

"Please Stop all this baby, please return me back my ish, the one who loves me...." Shubman said desperately against his neck, leaving feathery kisses there.

Ishan felt all this facade cracking at Shubman's desperate and vulnerable plead. Still he tried to gather himself together.

"Please...Shub, leave me, i need to treat your wound " Ishan replied as if he didn't heard shubman's plead.

Shubman pulled away and look at ishan who was still not meeting his eyes. And the next moment he did something unexpected, Shubman kneeled on the floor holding ishan's waist.

"What are you doing... Get up,.." Ishan hurriedly said.

But shubman refused to do so.

"Don't go hard on yourself wifey...your hubby is worried...your husband can't live without you...I will die baby if you leave me...i'm begging you on my knees...Please come back to me, don't torment your hubby anymore please"

Shubman begged while crying loudly, not minding his wounded hand.

At this moment, ishan let his all pretense and facade fall down, and finally his tears fall down from his eyes before kneeling down too and pulling Shubman in a bone crushing hug.

Shubman, who felt ishan's love filled touch after almost a day, buried his face more in ishan's neck, inhaling his scent greedily. Ishan sobbed loudly while holding Shubman close to his chest.

Ishan broke the hug and cupped Shubman's face in his palms before placing kiss on every place of his face.

"I love you *kissing his forehead*....I never stopped loving you *kissing his left eyes*....your wifey only loves you *kissing his right eyes*, really sorry for hurting you *kissing his left cheek*, you don't need to beg for my love, it's all yours *kissing his right cheek*...." Ishan said wetting Shubman's face with his tears.

Shubman finally had a genuine and happy smile on his face, his jaan loves him, he will not leave him, they will stay together just like he had dreamt.

"Wifey is sorry for always causing trouble...I love you hubby, love you the most!!" With that ishan Finally  claimed Shubman's lips in a gentle and pure kiss.

Shubman hurriedly reciprocated the kiss, tasting slight saltiness because of tears, in kiss. This kiss was not rushed or aggressive, it was slow and gentle, filled with love and promises, to never leave each other's side ever again.

After few minutes, Shubman broke the kiss. Both of them have a content smile on his face.

"Promise me baby... Promise me that i never have to worry about you leaving me, again..." Shubman pleaded, looking scared.

Ishan's heart squeezed painfully at it. He leaned forward and kissed Shubman's forehead tenderly, before giving a beautiful teary smile to Shubman.

"I promise shub...never again!!" Ishan replied, without any hesitation.

"Good wifey.." Shubman patted his head while smiling. And pecked on his lips.

"Now get up...and let me treat your wound..."

This time shubman didn't protested and let ishan make him sit on the bed while ishan searched for first aid box in drawers.

Soon he find it and sit infront of Shubman, taking his hand. He start cleaning the blood with gentle hand.

After cleaning the blood and disinfecting the wound, he took ointment before looking at Shubman with worried eyes.

"It will sting a little okay but i will try to apply it gently..." Ishan said.

Shubman smiled and nodded.

Ishan start applying the ointment on the wound while blowing air on it, he was full focused on it while Shubman just stare at ishan with loving eyes.

"Why are looking at me like that?" Although ishan didn't raised his head, he can still feel other's graze on himself.

"Like what?" Shubman asked.

This time ishan looked up at him.

"Like i will disappear..." Ishan replied.

"I will kill my self if you disappear or leave..." Shubman replied eyes filled with all longing.

"I won't..." Ishan replied firmly, before going back to work on Shubman's wound.

He closed the box after Bandaging Shubman's hand and placed the first aid box on bedside table, beside food plate.

"How did you even get hurt in the first place?" Ishan asked, he really wanted to know it, because it's don't look like a normal cut.

Shubman didn't wanted to lie so he started,

"In anger,I punched the mirro-"

Shubman couldn't able to complete his words as ishan cut him off by slapping him, hard while glaring at him fiercely.

Shubman cupped his burning cheek and stare at ishan in disbelief.

"ARE YOU FUCKING NUTS?" Ishan shouted, feeling beyond angry.

And for th first time Shubman felt intimidated by ishan's glare. Now he understand what people mean by "never make your wife angry". He gulped hard, ishan is really angry at him.

" B-Baby..listen.." The Shubman gill start stuttering.

"Don't baby me, Mr. Shubman gill. Why did you do that huh? Can't you control you anger?  Are you forgetting that we have asia cup ahead? What if it was more serious? Tell me " ishan start scolding him.

"I was deeply hurt when you said you don't love me okay?" Shubman sulked at being scolded.

Like they says, even a king bows before his queen. Shubman sulked like a kid while ishan just glared at him more fiercely.

"You are crazy!!" Ishan huffed irritatedly,

Shubman hold his hand and whispered cheekily, near ishan's ear.

"But i'm your crazy..."

"Now come and hug me, suddenly my hand is paining alot..." Shubman said dramatically.

Ishan gave him a look before saying,

"Are you forgetting that i'm mad at you?"

"No, you can be mad at me all you want but in my arms. So come here I need to recover fast, to play aisa cup.." Shubman replied and without waiting for ishan's reply he hugged him tightly.

Ishan also didn't protested, knowing he might accidentally hit Shubman's injured hand.

A peaceful silence falls upon them as both of them stayed in each other's embrace, enjoying each other's warmth.

Finally  both of them are backhome.

______________________________________

Note:

Here is another chapter, as you can by this chapter i don't like Angst much in my stories.

and I wrote it in hurry to there can be mistakes, as i didn't get the time to revise it carefully, sorry for that.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

I'm mean where is the lie, these two couples are cutest 😭😭.

see you soon in next update.

Author's POV**************

It's been 5 days since everything returned back to normal between ishan and Shubman. Their days are going smoothly and harmoniously.

Ishan is staying with Shubman at his new house. His smile and cheerfulness is back, all because of Shubman.

But right now, the couple seems to indulge in a argument about something.

"I said no means no..." Shubman said sternly.

To which ishan looked at him, feeling wronged by other.

"But i want to...i want to, let me do it or else i will not talk to you..." Ishan protested stubbornly.

"Why don't you understand? What if you got hurt? " shubman asked while frowning,

"I'm not a kid okay? Although it's my first time doing this...but rest assured i will try my best..." Ishan replied with confidence.

"Are you sure? I mean we can still order food online..." Shubman replied, concerned.

He know ishan's clumsy nature. That's why he is hesitating from sending ishan in kitchen. What if he hurted himself? Shubman can't bear a single scratch on his beloved.

"I'm sure...I really want to make something for you,.." Ishan replied.

Shubman let out a defeated sigh before nodding, ishan jumped in happiness and hugged Shubman before pecking Shubman's cheek.

"Thankyou!! You just wait here..."

By saying this ishan was about to go to kitchen but Shubman held his wrist, making ishan look back at him.

"But let me tell you this...if i saw any burn mark  or cut marks on you, then forget that i will ever let you step in kitchen again...am I clear ish?" Shubman asked.

Before Ishan could reply, they heard the doorbell ringing. Ishan and shubman frowned. No one knows about this house of shubman than who it can be?

Wait! Actually someone know about this house, and shubman knows who is it.

"You go and prepare breakfast... I'm going to check the door..." Shubman said, he could guess who is at door.

Ishan nodded and went inside kitchen to prepare breakfast for them.

Shubman then walked to door before opening it. There stood a smiling male waving at him, showing his all teeth as if doing some toothpaste commercial.

Shubman let out an irritating sigh when his guess turned into certainty. It was no one another than Abhishek.

"What are you doing here?" Shubman asked, annoyance visible on his face.

"Please conceal that loud and clear "Get Out"in your expression, it will be appreciated.." Abhishek replied while rolling his eyes.

Before shubman could retort, abhishek pushed him aside and directly went inside, as if it's his own house.

Shubman grunted irritatedly, clearly regretting telling abhishek about this place. He closed the door before following abhishek inside.

"Who is it-Mr.kidnapper?!" Ishan shouted while pointing spatula  at abhishek.

To which abhishek gave him an awkward smile, while scratching the back of his nape.

"Bhabhi...nice to meet you again and my name is abhishek not kidnapper, Shubman's best friend. And about kidnapping part, blame shubman!!" Abhishek replied, not wanting ishan to have bad impression of him.

"So you are abhishek, although first meet was not nice, still nice to meet you too " ishan said while nodding.

Although he want to scold abhishek for kidnapping him but it's because of that kidnapping that now everything is okay between him and Shubman.

"Okay then you guys talk...and abhishek please stay for breakfast..." Ishan said to abhishek.

"NO!!"

"YES!!"

Shubman and abhishek shouted in unison at the same time.

"No? But why shub?" Ishan asked in confusion.

"What do you mean by why? You are cooking for first time, so I want to be the only one to taste it...i won't let him have even a single bite of it..." Shubman said while glaring at abhishek.

Abhishek and ishan stare at Shubman in disbelief.

"You ungrateful bastard...I did so much for you, and you can't even share bhabhi's hand made food with me....don't be so stingy okay?" Abhishek grumbled irritatedly,

"You-" Shubman started but ishan stopped him.

"He is right shub, stop being childish...he is having breakfast with us and it's final " Ishan said firmly.

"Whatever..." Shubman replied while sulking.

Ishan shook his head at other's childishness and gave a nod to abhishek before going back in kitchen.

Shubman throw a glare at abhishek and sit on the couch, abhishek did the same and sit beside Shubman.

But when Shubman gave him a look, abhishek gulped and backed away, creating more space between them.

After 5 minutes of silence, abhishek decided to speak and break the silence.

"The way he talking and laughing with you, i'm guessing he still don't know about prithvi's accident right?"

Shubman nodded with sigh, making abhishek wonder about how can this happen?

So he decided to ask his inner question.

"But how? I mean it's all over the news..."

"He don't like watching news, he never listen or watch news. That's why he don't know..." Shubman replied leaning back on couch.

"....understandable!" Abhishek replied after brief pause.

Both of them again fall in silence....After 30 minutes, ishan was done with breakfast and served them on the dinning table.

"Guys, food is ready.." Ishan called other two.

Shubman and abhishek nodded before walking to table and sitting on their seat.

The food was looking so tasty and mouthwatering. No one can say that it's Ishan's first time cooking by looking at the food.

Ishan start serving food for shubman, who smiled at him,isn't it's giving a perfect marriage life vibe?

After serving him, ishan was about to serve food for abhishek too, but shubman stopped him.

"He have hands...he can serve for himself..." Shubman said while giving a creepy smile to abhishek.

Abhishek immediately shuddered in fear, while ishan frowned.

"Shut up...he is our guest shub.." Ishan gently scolded.

"Uninvited guest.." shubman corrected, earing a glare from ishan.

Abhishek scowl at shubman, cursing shubman for bring ungrateful, in his mind.

"Leave it bhabhi, you sit I can serve food for myself..." Abhishek said and start serving himself.

Ishan took his seat beside Shubman but didn't start eating. He want shubman to taste it first. So he told other to taste it first.

Shubman nodded and took first bite, slowly chewing it before swallowing it.Both abhishek and ishan stare at shubman, waiting for his feedback.

"Hmm...it's good, not bad for first time.." Shubman said calmly,

Ishan smiled happily.

After hearing shubman, without any further delay abhishek also took his first bite,only to froze in next second.

His expression turn unsightly and twisted as he chew on the food.

It's damn salty!! From which angle shubman find it good? It's horrible, almost burnt his tongue.

But ofcourse he cant say these words aloud, don't want to hurt ishan's feelings. He looked at shubman, who is eating the food like it's the best food he ever had.

As if Shubman heard his thought, shubman looked up and glared at him, which means "Dare to say it's bad and you will find yourself 6 feet under in ground", Making abhishek swallow that horrible food.

" yes bhabhi...it's good"just dont make it again.

Abhishek let out and completed the sentence in mind, while giving a smile to ishan.

"Never judge a book by it's cover, i learnt it in a very hard way..." Abhishek cried in his heart, as he keep eating the food.

"Okay then let me have a bite too..." Ishan said excitedly while clapping his hands.

Shubman and abhishek immediately shared at look, ofcourse they can't let ishan eat this horrible food or else it will upset ishan's heart when he will find out that they lied to him.

Ishan was about to take a bite, but got startled when he heard other two shouting,

"STOP!!"

Ishan gave them a wierd look, before asking,

"What?" He let out confusingly.

Abhishek cleared his throat and mentioned Shubman through eyes to say something, to handle this situation.

"Baby...actually you did so much for me. So I also want you make something for you...leave this food, me and abhishek will finish it, after all we loved this food right ?"

Shubman said and looked at abhishek for agreement.

Although abhishek want to shake his head in "no" so bad but met with Shubman's stare, he just nodded "yes" to his death.

"Aww, you are so sweet shub...okay then i will eat the food you will make.." Ishan replied, feeling delighted.

With that, shubman and abhishek somehow finished the all food, under watching eyes of ishan, who felt really happy, knowing they loved his food.

Only if he knew.

"Okay then...I'm taking my leave..."

Abhishek hurriedly said, not wanting to stay there any longer after experiencing the near death situation. And mentally took a note to never come at eating time again.

"No one is stopping you, just leave already..." Shubman replied with a bored tone.

Oh how bad abhishek wants smack shubman hard but ofcourse he can't do it. He gave him a glare and a smile to ishan before taking his leave.

Shubman looked at ishan when he felt a tug on his hand.

"What happened baby?" Shubman asked in a softest voice.

"I'm hungry, make something for me.." Ishan whined while pouting.

Shubman bend a little and kissed that pout away, before replying.

"Stay here...I will be back in 10 minutes..."

Ishan nodded and went to sit on the couch while waiting for shubman.

Exactly after 10 minutes, shubman returned with  fried toast with ketchup.

"Tada...sorry i only know how to make this.." Shubman replied while smiling clumsily.

He placed the plate at table and sit beside ishan.

Ishan chuckled at him before start eating the toast, it's was so yummy making Ishan's eyes sparkle.

"It's so good...i can eat it daily..." Ishan praised.

"Glad you loved it.." Shubman replied and start admiring other.

Ishan was busy in eating that he didn't noticed ketchup at the corner of his lips but shubman did. His heart start itching to lick that  ketchup off ishan's lips.

He given in to his heart desire, and cupped Ishan's face, turning his face to face him before licking the sauce.

Ishan, who got licked out of nowhere, because froze and toast fell from his hand into plate. Shubman taking it as a chance, wrapped his one arm around ishan's waist and lifted him before placing other on his lap.

He then once again claimed ishan's lips and start kissing him thoroughly, tasting every inch of Ishan's warm mouth. Ishan moaned while circling his arms around Shubman's neck.

Shubman's hand slide, slowly slipping inside ishan's shirt, touching and caressing his bare waist.

Ishan moved a little, earning a groan from shubman. Ishan turn embarrassed when he felt Shubman's hard on. Shubman broke the kiss and stare at ishan by hooded eyes.

Ishan stare back at him with needy eyes. It's been a while since they got intimate with each other and ishan is dying to be held in Shubman's arms intimately.

" Make love to me, shub.." Ishan let out while breathing heavily, looking so seductive and alluring.

Shubman stare at the needy look on Ishan's face and he had to admit he had never seen anything, more beautiful and unreal than this.

"You make me ishan jaan..." Shubman uttered hoarsely before flipping ishan. He made ishan lay on the couch before hovering over him and start leaving wet and feathery kisses on his neck.

( like this )

Ishan arched his neck, giving more excess to Shubman. Shubman start sucking on Ishan's sweet spot making ishan moan loudly.

"Keep moaning like this, it's heavenly sound to my ears..." Shubman husked near his ear and bit his earlobe seductively.

And ishan had to obey shubman. He keep moaning helplessly as Shubman's hand start working naughtily on his bare skin, inside his shirt.

Soon their clothes were scattered on the floor here and there as their naked body entangled on the couch.

Shubman's body covered ishan completely beneath him. He stare at ishan who is already looking ruined and mess but a beautiful mess.

"I'm going to enter now..." Shubman said.

And ishan prepared himself Mentally, before nodding. Shubman kissed on his lips and slowly entered his length inside ishan.

Ishan hissed in pain between kiss, no matter how many times they do it, he still can't get used to this. This feeling feel new every single time.

"No matter how many times i enter inside you...You are still so tight.." Shubman groaned when Ishan's inner walls clenched around his length.

Ishan closed his eyes while gritting his teeth to endure the pain, but shubman made him opened his eyes again.

"Don't close your eyes...I want you to look what only i can do to you..." Shubman ordered, earning a shy nod from ishan.

"M-move..." Ishan said after adjusting a little.

Shubman start moving inside and out. It started slow but soon he pick up the pace and start slamming hardly inside ishan's hole, penetrating deep inside ishan.

Ishan's shameless moan resonate in whole living room with loud thrusting sounds. Shubman increased the thrusting speed when he felt that ishan is close to cumming.

After few thrust both of them cummed together. Ishan was busy catching his breath, then suddenly shubman get up and lifted ishan, making ishan wrap his legs around Shubman's bare waist.

"Lets continue in bedroom..." Shubman said and start heading upstairs,

Ishan mentally pitied himself, why did he even said that to shubman, knowing it's bad for himself only but now it's already too late, now he can only surrender to his fate.

Upon reaching their bedroom, shubman hurriedly put ishan on bed and without giving time to ishan, he entered inside ishan's hole once again.

"Ahhh...god.." Ishan moaned loudly.

Shubman start thrusting violently inside his hole, shaking his whole body up and down.

After 30 minutes, shubman finally left ishan, who seems almost unconscious. He glared at shubman with his tired eyes.

"What? Wasn't it was you who seduced me in first place?" Shubman asked while smirking.

Ishan grabbed the a pillow and throw it at shubman with force, hitting his face directly.

"Don't talk to me!!" Ishan huffed.

Shubman put the pillow away and chuckled at other. He then get up and cleaned himself and ishan before laying down on bed and cuddled ishan.

"Take some rest..." Shubman mumbled.

Ishan hummed and snuggled more into Shubman's chest, burying his face in his embrace and closed his eyes to get some rest. Shubman also closed his eyes to rest.

At the same moment, Shubman's phone, that was placed on the bedside table, it's screen flashed with a new message.

"Management has called whole team for urgent meeting, we need to return back before time...let's meet at apartment within 2 days..."-text from Rohit.

______________________________________

Note:

I'm back with another update.

Please share your views on the chapter and vote for it if you like the chapter.

And now there are only few chapters left then this book will come to an end.

So see you soon in next update.Till then keep smiling my dear readers ❤️😘.

Author's POV**************

Within next two days, whole ICT team returned back to Apartment.

Right now ishan and shubman are in car, yes they are the last one to return back to apartment.

Ishan keep playing with his fingers nervously while tapping his foot inside car, shubman noticed this and placed his left hand on Ishan's thigh and keep driving with right hand.

"Why are you this tensed ish? Believe me it's nothing serious..." Shubman said while drawing gentle circles on Ishan's thigh.

Ishan still keep getting anxious. He placed his hand over Shubman's hand, which was placed on his thigh and looked at shubman.

"But What if prithvi has told upper management about us and that's why they called this sudden meeting?" Ishan asked worriedly,

Shubman stopped the car on road side before looking back at Ishan's worried face.

"Come here, baby..."

Having said that, Shubman pulled ishan on his lap and hugged ishan tightly.

"Calm down okay? And I don't think it's about that matter...there might be some other reason behind this meeting... So stop worrying yourself..."

"But how can you be so sure that it's not about that?" Ishan's meek voiced asked.

Shubman placed a kiss on Ishan's head.

"I just know..." Shubman replied with a dark smirk which, ofcourse ishan didn't see as other has his face pressed agaist Shubman's chest.

Shubman's deep and soothing voice help ishan to feel better. He placed his ear on Shubman's chest,hearing his heartbeat and took a deep breath to calm his restless heart.

"Maybe you are right..." Ishan said slowly.

Ishan then tried to get up from his lap to go back on his seat but shubman held his waist, stopping him from doing so.

Ishan stare at him confusingly.

"Don't... Stay like this..." Shubman said.

"But than how are you going drive with me in your lap?" Ishan asked, not understand it.

Shubman packed Ishan's lips before saying

"Leave that to me...you just stay like this..."

Ishan sighed before nodding, he made himself more comfortable in Shubman's lap, he placed a kiss on Shubman's chest before leaning against it.

Shubman smiled at his action and wrapped his left arm around ishan's waist in a protective manner and start the car while driving it with right hand only.

"Be careful...I don't want to reach hospital instead of Apartment..." Ishan joked.

"Worry not wifey....i will never let anything happen to you..." Shubman replied with chuckle, eyes focused on road.

Ishan let out a "hmm" before snuggling more against Shubman's embrace....Shubman and ishan walked together inside living room with their luggage.Everyone was already in living room, probably waiting for them.

"Hello Everyone..."  Ishan exclaimed loudly before running to members.

He hugged all of them one by one, ishan was literally glowing in energy. Shubman just at the sight with fond smile.

" Woah...you are really something, you still have energy after that long flight?" Surya commented with A chuckle

Ishan stare at him confusingly before asking,

"What flight? I came by ca-"

Before ishan could expose them infront of everyone, shubman hurriedly cut him off in middle.

"YES!! We are so tired because of long flight... Right ish?" Shubman gave him a look.

Only then ishan realised that what he was about blurt out and gave a sorry look to shubman before replying,

"Yes...i'm tired but really missed you all so couldn't able to control my excitement..." Ishan mentally patted himself for not stuttering while lying.

Surya gave them a suspicious look, which shubman and ishan pretended not to see.

"Aww my baby...go freshen up both of you, and come down for meal..."

Mom in virat immediately awaken when he heard ishan. Both of them nodded and went upstairs.

"Why did I felt like ishu was about to say something else but shubman stopped him on purpose ?" Surya asked once both of them were out of his sight.

Shreyas smacked his head, with sigh.

"Stop with your doubts...they just returned...let them have some rest..." Shreyas replied.

"Okay let's just say that i'm being doubtful but how come both of them together?" Surya asked while rubbing his head where shreyas smacked him.

"What's so odd about this? Don't you know how whipped our Shubman is for ishan? He must have waited at airport for him and then both of them came together...." This time virat said while shrugging,

"But-" surya tried to protest,

"SHUT UP SKY!!" Everyone shouted in unison making surya fall silent.

Ishanopened the door of their room and both of them walked inside. Ishan stare at everything. He really missed this room, it's like his second home.

Soon he felt two strong arms circling around his waist from behind. Ishan leaned back on Shubman.

"Missed our this room, although staying at your new house was so good but this room gives beautiful feeling..." Ishan said.

"Hmm...maybe it's because we have spent our almost every beautiful moment here, in this room. This room is proof of our deep love and relationship... It's also from where everything started...." Shubman replied softly.

And ishan couldn't agree more to his words. This room hold all their dear moments, that they spent with each other.

"Let's fresh and up and go downstairs... We can unpack our luggage later..." Shubman said and turned ishan around in his hold.

Ishan nodded and one by one both of them got fresh&up and changed their clothes, into something more comfortable before heading downstairs.

"Oh both of you are here...now sit and eat something..." Rohit said once he saw the couple.

As it's already pass breakfast time, so it was only shubman and ishan who haven't eaten. Both of them took their plate and sit on th couch before starting to eat.

Soon they are done with their meal, now whole team was sitting in silence.

"Bhaiya....when is the meeting?" Shubman asked, breaking the silence.

"Around 1 P.M...." Rohit replied.

Shubman nodded and check the time it was 12 P.M, means they still have one hour before meeting.

"Does...anyone know what's the reason behind this sudden meeting?" Suddenly ishan asked.

Ishan just couldn't clam his mind. He is feeling scared of the reason behind this meeting.

What if it's exactly what he is thinking?  And if that's true than he don't even want to imagine what will happen.

"Maybe it's about prithvi..." Virat replied meaningfully.

Everyone nodded in agreement. They know what virat is talking about.

Ishan immediately tensed up when he heard that name. His hand start shaking because of panic. Shubman noticed the change in ishan's body language and stood up while grabbing ishan's hand.

Everyone stare at shubman in confusion.

"Bhaiya ish is tired and i'm too, so we are going to take some rest before meeting..." Shubman said to virat.

"Sure...see ishu is even looking pale, go and make sure to give proper rest to your body and mind..." Virat replied , looking concerned about ishan.

"Yes...we will call you when it was time for meeting..." Rohit also joined and said.

"Okay..."

Having said that Shubman dragged a very anxious ishan with himself back to their room.

Once they come inside their room, Ishan start panicking. His face was pale as paper. He start walking back and forth in room, looking terrified.

"I knew it...it's over, prithvi has definitely told higher ups about us...what...what we will do now? I...don't want to leave you shub...please... Please do something shub...." Ishan hurriedly cupped Shubman's face and said desperately.

Ishan start fumbling on words as breathing turn heavy and his eyes teary.

He was feeling damn scared about this whole scenario. He can't lose shubman or else he will die.

Only this moment he realised how deep he has fallen for shubman, and how scared is feeling about not having Shubman's love.

Shubman's heart clenched painfully as he saw Ishan's messy state.

This boy only deserve smile and happiness, he is too soft for this cruel world, shubman felt guilty that he couldn't able to keep ishan away from all these evil things.

"Please... Please tell me that they...they can't take you away from me...please tell me-"

Shubman put his index finger on Ishan's trembling lips to stop him from speaking further.

"There is nothing,I repeat there is literally nothing strong enough in this whole world that can keep me away from you...you run in my blood and beats in every heartbeat of my heart, it's impossible for me to leave you...."

Those words was so strong that it shook ishan's whole body. Those word held thousands of unspoken promises.

Ishan's lips wobbled and he throw himself on shubman hugging him tightly. Shubman pulled him closer by holding his waist.

Ishan keep sniffing Shubman's natural scent, he just need to feel that shubman is here, with him. Shubman placed feathery kisses Ishan's neck to give as much comfort as he can to ishan.

Both of them stayed like this for a while, kissing each other's skin where they could get excess.

Shubman pulled away from hug. Ishan didn't look up, shubman gently wiped his wet cheeks and make ishan looked at him.

He then pressed the softest kiss on Ishan's both wet eyelashes.

"Let's head to bed and take some rest..." Shubman said.

Ishan nodded and both of them lay on the bed, cuddling each other. Ishan was feeling suffocated because of all this but now he is feeling much lighter in the embrace of Shubman.

"Stop thinking baby...and close your eyes, I'm here..." Shubman's voice was as gentle as he was talking to a baby.

Ishan did what he was told and shubman pulled other more close to his body, eliminating the gap between them, he keep patting Ishan's head to help other relax and sleep.

And it worked as well, because soon he heard, ishan's even breathing means other is already sleep.

Shubman placed a kiss on Ishan's forehead and next moment his expression changed into a chilly one.

"I wish I hadn't left you alive, only because of you, my baby is this scared...you only deserve death for causing pain to my lifeline..." Shubman muttered under his breath while gritting his teeth....Around 12 : 45 pm whole team reached at management office, and directly headed to Confrence room, where meeting will be held.

Their coaches and some higher officials were already present there with an unknown man. Whole team greeted them before taking their seats.

There was thick silence in confrence room. Suddenly Rahul dravid stood up and mentioned everyone to pay attention to him.

"You all must have already know about prithvi, through news..." Rahul dravid started, his expression was solemn.

Everyone nodded but ishan was confused as hell. Why he is feeling like he don't know something? What his coach is talking about?

"Does he show any sign of improvement? We were shocked when we got know about his accident..." Rohit asked.

Before Rahul dravid could reply they heard a loud shout,

"Prithvi had an accident?!" Ishan shouted feeling beyond shocked.

Everyone stare at ishan in disbelief except shubman, who was clam all this time.

"You didn't knew?!" Hardik asked, surprised.

Ishan shook his head in "no". He don't even know when this happened.

" this is why i tell you to watch news sometimes....he met with an accident like 8 days ago, around noon..." Virat replied with sigh.

And Ishan's eyes widened in realisation. Suddenly everything start making sense to him about why prithvi couldn't meet him at cafe. And why other didn't call or text him to break up with shubman ever again after that day.

It's all because he met with an accident!!

Ishan turn to look at shubman who wasn't shocked or surprised. Which can mean only one thing, shubman also knew about it.

"You knew?!" Ishan whispered but it was enough, for shubman to hear it.

"Yes..." Shubman replied honestly.

Ishan gave him a look. Now he understand why shubman was so sure about that this meeting has nothing to do with them and their relationship.

Because how can an hospitalised person say anything about them to anyone.

"Alright enough with talking....and about your question rohit, no he didn't improved but opposite actually... We received the call from hospital, saying that prithvi has fallen in Coma..." Rahul dravid drop the bomb.

And once again whole room fall silent and this time everyone has an shocked expression, except Shubman who tapped his finger on chair handle, slightly smirking.

"Looks like i don't have to do anything now. You already got your punishment...Karma sure hits back really fast..." Shubman mentally thought while giving a very low dark chuckle.

"So..when will he wake up?" Rohit asked after overcoming the shock.

To which Rahul dravid let out a depressing sigh.

" don't know...it may take weeks or even months. So for the time being management has decided to appoint new team manager for team..." Rahul dravid replied.

He then mentioned that unknown man to stood with him before looking back at the team.

"Meet Shardul thakur, your new team manger..." Rahul dravid introduced that man.

"Hello boys...i'm looking forward to work with you guys..." Shardul greeted them with a smile.

Everyone also greeted him back with a small smile. It's a lot for them to take in especially for ishan,who is still looking shocked about this whole turn of events.

After discussing about team schedule for a while, the meeting Finally  come to an end.

Everyone returned back to their apartment. All of them once again gathered in living room.

"It's truly unfortunate..." Ishan sighed sadly.

"He deserve it, after what he did..." Shubman replied without any ounce of hesitation,

Ishan stare at him in disbelief.

"What are you saying shub? No one deserve such thing..." Ishan said.

"You are too good ish..that's why he tired to manipulate you..." Shubman replied back, feeling a little angry.

As these two were busy arguing, other members stare at them with a confused look.

"Excuse us but what are guys talking about? What did prithvi do?" Virat asked.

Ishan shook his head, signalling shubman to not tell other about it but shubman refused him before turning to look at other members.

"He somehow got to know about me and ish...then he threatened ishan to break up with me, to save our career...and if i haven't got know about it, ishan probably would have already broken up with me by now..."

Shubman explained everything, he couldn't help but feel angry once again as he recalled all those awful things. Ishan just kept his head low.

"BENSTOAKS!!" Virat cursed angrily after hearing shubman.

"How dare he use such petty way to break you both apart? Fortunate for him that he is already in hospital or else i would have broken his every bone into pieces...."  Virat said angrily. He was feeling beyond angry right now.

Rohit patted his shoulder to calm him a little before saying,

"I was feeling bad for him but not now...he deserve this...bloody moron.." Rohit also snapped angrily. It's rare as rohit usually don't get angry.

Everyone nodded in agreement. Ishan and shubman are like their own brothers and they won't tolerate anyone playing dirty with them.

"Shubi and ishu...do you want me to take legal actions against him for threatening you?" Rohit asked them.

Ishan immediately shook his head. He don't want to make the issue big. And now everything this already settled so there is no need for all this.

"Guys..please calm down. Everything is okay now..." Ishan tried to calm his teammates.

Once again everyone was speechless because of Ishan's naive and kind nature.

"Let me tell you this...stop being so good all the time, other might think it as your weakness..." Virat replied with sigh.

"I'm just like this bhaiya...and just because other person is bad doesn't mean we also have to turn bad..." Ishan replied with smile.

And shubman fall even more deeper than he was already, for the ishan if thats possible.

Ishan's innocence and kindness is what makes him more beautiful.

"I have my world with you ish...and I will make sure no one will ever dare to enter my world...because no one is welcome in our world...it's only you and. Me..."

Shubman thought to himself while staring at the man, who is moon to his darkest night.

_____________________________________

Note:

Update is here my dearreaders.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it if you like the chapter.

And also I wanted to know after this book, do you guys want me to write another book or not. Please share your opinion.

See you soonTill then stay happy and healthy.

Author's POV**************

Just after few days, Asia cup started. Whole team become busy with matches, without any rest. Their schedule turn hectic with nonstop practice and matches.

And just like that almost one month passed by. And india has successfully managed to make it's place in finals against Sri lanka.

Everyone was quite satisfied with their performance in matches but that doesn't mean they let it take over their head. They know work is still not done as they have one more match to win, the finals.

Right now it's night, Shubman and ishan was laying on their bed, in each other's embrace.

There was a comfortable and peaceful silence between them.

"Are you nervous about tomorrow's match?" Shubman asked while running his fingers in ishan's soft hair.

Ishan put his chin on Shubman's chest and looked at shubman before replying,

"Hmm...I want to give my best in finals but what if i suddenly become nervous or lost focus...i scared about it as i don't want to mess anything there..."

Shubman smiled a little and gently caressed ishan's jaw with thumb.

"You know i'm nervous too...it's normal to feel nervous since it's our first time playing in Asia cup but I have full faith in you and me...we will do our best in tomorrow's match..." Shubman replied with a soothing voice.

"I really hope it's goes just like you are saying..." Ishan said before again leaning his head on his hard chest.

Suddenly Shubman think of something before making Ishan face him and said,

"Your family is also coming to watch finals right?" He asked as his father is coming.

Ishan nodded his head.

"Yes but only dad and raj bhaiya...but why did you ask?" Ishan asked.

"Nothing...how about if you did well in match..i will reward you with something.." he conditioned.

And the mention of reward ishan hurriedly get up and stare at him with a sparkling eyes.

"What reward? Tell me...tell me na shub..." Ishan start shaking Shubman's shoulders while whining.

Shubman chuckled at his impatient voice and sit on the bed, facing ishan.

" well..that's a surprise! So i'm not telling you.." He replied with a smile.

"Nooo...I hate suspense, it always left me curious and excited, because of that i couldn't able to fall asleep....please tell me na..." Ishan start whining more while giving his best puppy eyes to shubman.

Shubman immediately covered ishan's eyes with his palm, as he know he will melt within a second if ishan looked at him with those eyes.

"Sorry ish baby but I can't tell you about it right now...So stop looking at me with those eyes." Shubman replied with sigh.

Ishan pushed Shubman's hand away, which was covering his eyes before glaring at him cutely.

A cute and heavy pout appeared on Ishan's lips, shubman leaned to kiss that pout away only to end kissing Ishan's palm instead.

Shubman frowned before pulling away.

"No kissing until you tell me about my reward..." Ishan with huff and crossed his hands over his chest before turning his face other side.

"Now let me see how you don't tell me about my reward...because I know you can't live a minute without kissing me..." Ishan thought and smirked mentally at his genius plan.

But even after waiting for  5 minutes he didn't heard a single word from shubman.

His eyebrows knitted in confusion before slowing turning his eyes to look at shubman, only to left speechless.

"......"

Ishan stare at shubman, who is already laying on bed with closed eyes, in disbelief.

He can heard soft snores coming from Shubman. Which means Other was already dead to world.

Ishan just blinked his eyes in pure bewilderment, before exclaiming in his heart.

What the actual fuck?!

"You are so mean shub..." Ishan commented while sulking.

But ofcourse he didn't heard any reply from other, making Ishan feel more irritated.

Then he also lay down, back facing shubman and closed his eyes to get some sleep, while cursing Shubman in his mind for million times.

Shubman half opened his eyes and peeked at the back of Ishan before chuckling under his breath and shook his head.

"Good night baby...from tomorrow onwards, the new beginning of our lives will begin, with blessings of our families..." Shubman said in his mind with a smile.

He keep staring at Ishan's back until he heard soft snores coming from ishan. Only then he moved close to ishan before back hugging Ishan, completely scoping him in his arms.

He placed a kiss on the back of his neck before chuckling lowly.

"And he was saying that he will not able to get any sleep because of curiosity..." He mumbled to himself while looking at Ishan's sleeping face.

With these words, Shubman also fall asleep....Next dayin evening, whole R. Premadasa stadium was filled with cricket fans. Loud cheers of fans were ringing in whole stadium.

Sri lanka won the toss and decided to bat first. Although sri lanka had the chance to set a high score for india but indian bowlers stopped the whole sri lanka at the score 50. Siraj showed why he is called miya magic as he took 6 wickets.

Currently it's a break as ICT members are in dressing room, getting ready to go down in the ground.

Rohit and shubman was wearing leg pad and gloves as they are the openers.

Rohit sensed a graze on his back and he can already guess who is it.

"Stop drilling holes in my back with your eyes...say whatever you want to say..." Rohit said with sigh and turn around to look at ishan.

Ishan gave him an clumsy smile before hopping towards rohit with an hopefully and sparkling eyes.

"Can I...can I open with Shubman today?" Ishan asked in a hope filled voice.

Rohit raised an eyebrow at him and now Shubman was also looking at rohit with same pleasing eyes.

And how can rohit say no to their pleading eyes. The target is also not high so he can agree to it.

"Fine..but I have one condition.." Rohit said.

Everyone including couple waited for him to say the condition.

"I will let you open but promise me, you both will end the match..." Rohit continued.

"We promise..." Shubman and ishan replied in unison.

"Good you can open then.." Rohit let out and start opening his gloves.

Ishan smiled widely before jumping on the rohit, making other stumble a little. Ishan hugged rohit tightly shaking him, in excitement.

"Thankyou bhaiya, thankyou so much.. You are the best..." Ishan said kissed his cheek.

Rohit smiled a little at ishan's action and patted his back, Meanwhile Shubman's face turn bitter in slight jealousy.

Siraj noticed this and nudged virat who was busy admiring ishan and rohit. Virat stare at siraj in confusion.

"See...how shubman's face is looking, just like a abandoned husband by his wife..." Siraj said and pointed at shubman.

Virat look at shubman and chuckled when he saw how right siraj was about it. Shubman also heard him and gave a look to both of them.

"I heard it...you know?" He said.

"Well he didn't said anything wrong.." Virat replied and showed tongue to him.

Shubman scoffed at his antic before walking to hugging duo and dragging ishan away from hug. He then hugged ishan looking at rohit stringily, clearing showing his possessiveness.

Rohit rolled his eyes at him, before scoffing.

"I'm already married you know, I love him as my child, so calm your possessive ass..." Rohit grumbled in done tone.

Shubman ignored him completely and turn to look at ishan in his hold.

"Get ready ish...we need to go down in 5 minutes..." He said with a smile.

Ishan nodded and was about to free himself from Shubman's hold but stopped when shubman bend a little, near to his ear.

"Let's finish it quickly, your reward is waiting for you..." Shubman whispered in his ear.

As Shubman's hot breath fanned over his ear and neck, Ishan's face start feeling hot. He nodded, feeling flustered and start getting ready.

Other members are already used to their PDA so they just shook their head before minding their on business.

After 5 minutes,Shubman and ishan slowly walked out from ICT pavilion, entering the ground. Whole stadium start cheering loudly.

Ishan looked up towards VIP area and easily spotted his family, cheering for him. Beside them Shubman's father is also sitting.

Shubman patted Ishan's shoulder, making ishan shift his attention back to him. Both of them bumped their fists before walking on the pitch.

Match started as the first bowl was delivered. And just like that, as promised ishan and Shubman successfully managed to chase the target, making india win the finals.

There was no bound to Shubman's and ishan's happiness. Both of them hugged each other tightly in between pitch.

"We did it shub!! We did it.." Ishan said to Shubman in a hussed voice.

And Shubman can hear the smile in his voice.

" Yes baby...we did it, you did it.." Shubman replied with a whisper in his ear.

Both of them pulled away, before shaking hands with opponent teammates, whole ICT team hugged their youngsters, patting their backs.

Then Everyone went to get the winning trophy and Interviews....The first thing ishan did after returning to dressing room was hugging the hell out of Shubman, which other gladly returned.

"I'm so happy shub..." Ishan said while smiling.

Shubman nodded and next second Ishan's legs left the ground as Shubman lifted him, while hugging him. Ishan wrapped his legs around his waist before looking at shubman, surprised.

"What are you doing shub? Put me down...Others might see us, they must be on their way to dressing room..." Ishan said while patting his shoulder, to let him down.

"Let them see...it's not like they don't know about us, so what's there to hide..." Shubman replied.

Ishan was about to say something but eneded up letting out a surprised yelp before it turned into giggles as shubman start spinning him in circles.

Whole dressing room filled with laughs and giggles of Ishan while shubman stare at his face with a fond look.

"Stop...stop now shub, i'm feeling dizzy " Ishan said and stare down at shubman.

Shubman stopped spinning them but didn't put ishan down from his hold. Ishan stare at him with confusion, while shubman was looking at his lips.

Ishan noticed his line of sight and licked his lips nervously, shubman noticed his every move with his eyes before crashing his lips with Ishan's.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly before circling his arms around Shubman's neck and kissed other back slowly. Shubman pulled ishan more close before kissing him deeply.

Ishan's back was slammed against locker as Shubman pressed himself more into ishan, not breaking the kiss even for a second.

Both of them were engrossed in kissing, the room which was filled with giggles a while ago, now it's filled with heavy breathings and kissing sounds.

Shubman put ishan down and cupped his face tightly and kissing him passionately. Ishan moaned a little in Shubman's mouth, making shubman go more rough while kissing.

They were so lost in kissing each other that, they didn't noticed someone coming inside the dressing room.

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU BOTH DOING?!" Someone shouted angrily from door.

Both of them hurriedly pulled away from each other and stare the person at door. Ishan's face turn pale in fear, and he stare at shubman feeling beyond scared,his whole body was shaking in fear. Shubman's face was expressionless.

It was Shubman's dad, Mr.Gill!!

Behind him, there was Ishan's dad, who is looking at them with angry and shocked eyes while Ishan's brother was beyond shocked to give any reaction.

Soon other members also come hearing the shout. They took in the scene infront of them.

By the look of it they can guess what happened here. And stare at the couple worriedly.

"I Am Asking you something Shubman... What's the meaning of all this? Tell me dammit!!" Mr.Gill shouted once again.

Ishan flinched at that harsh shout, shubman quickly looked at ishan and held his hand in comforting manner, rubbing them gently.

"Shh..calm down, everything is okay i'm here.." Shubman said softly to ishan.

Mr.Gill glared at their joined hand, before walking to them.

" Are you FUCKING insane? Leave his hand Shubm-"

Mr.Gill shouted once again but this time Shubman aggressively cut him off in between.

"LOWER YOUR VOICE!! CANT YOU SEE HE IS GETTING SCARED?!"

Everyone was shocked at his sudden outburst. Ishan patted his shoulder to calm him down when he saw angry shubman is looking.

Mr.Kishan was looking at them from aside, not saying anything. While raj was looking worriedly at ishan.

"You-just because of a boy you are going to talk with me like this?" Mr.Gill asked in disbelief.

To which shubman shook his head before looking firmly in his father's eyes.

"He is not just anyone boy dad...he ismy boy,andyou clearly know how much i hate it when someone talk badly with my beloveds..." Shubman replied without any hesitation.

Mr.Gill just stare at him in disbelief. Is shubman even listening to himself? What nonsense is he speaking?!

Mr.Kishan, who was silent till now walked to ishan and ishan stare at him feeling guilty and scared.

"Dad-" ishan started slowly but stopped when he saw his dad raising his hand.

Ishan closed his eyes, waiting for impact on his cheek and next second a loud slapping sound echoed in leaving room.

But ishan didn't felt anything.

"SHUBMAN!!" Everyone shouted in unison.

Ishan opened his eyes quickly and saw shubman standing infront of him. His eyes widened, he hurriedly turn shubman around and let out a sob when he saw red hand print on Shubman's left cheek.

"S-shub.." Ishan let out while his eyes turn teary.

Shubman shook his head and wiped his tears. Before looking back at Ishan's dad.

"Why didn't you dodged it?" Mr.Kishan asked in a surprisingly calm tone.

"You are ishan's dad and elder than me...it would be disrespectful to stop your hand, so I did what comes into my mind, because I can't let you hurt ish..." Shubman replied calmly.

Mr.Kishan just stare at shubman with an unreadable look in his eyes before turning his attention to ishan who is sobbing silently.

Rohit and virat shared a look and nodded before walking to them. Virat side hugged ishan, who leaned into his embrace to seek comfort.

While rohit went to Mr.Gill and Mr.Kishan before saying respectfully,

" Please calm down everyone... Let's go back to apartment and talk there"

Rohit tried to reason with them as it's risky here.They can't afford any management staff to hear all this.

Mr.Gill huffed and left from there but not before giving angry look to couple.

Raj also come and convinced Mr.Kishan to agree with rohit before taking him out from there too.

Shubman shifted his attention at ishan, who stare at him with red puffy teary eyes.

"Stop crying baby....it's okay, don't worry I will handle everything..." Shubman tried to comfort him while wiping his tears.

Ishan looked at his cheek, which is red and gently caressed it with fingers.

"Is it hurting?" He asked in a small voice as his voice cracked in end.

Shubman shook his head in "no", this slap doesn't hurt as much his ish's  tears do. Ishan tip toed  and placed a sweet kiss on his bruised cheek.

" let's head back to apartment guys...." Virat said from the side.

Everyone nodded and start leaving the room one by one. Shubman held Ishan's hand gently, caressing the back of his hand with thumb.

Ishan gave him a small smile and both  of them also exited the room.

"i wanted to make it official infront of our parents today after match, to surprise you, so I was already prepared for their this type of reactions...although not like this. But don't feel any fear baby, i can handle any hurdle to make us stay together always..."

That was Shubman's internal thoughts as he exited the dressing room with ishan.

______________________________________

Note:

Firstly really sorry for late update. Actually my grandfather is seriously ill, so we all are tensed about it. Hope you all will understand.

Secondly, thankyou so so so much for 50k reads...damn! That's a lot for me,who just started to write only for fun. Love you all guys 😘❤️🥰

Lastly,here is the new update of this book. Please share your views on this chapter.

Vote for it if you like it.

See you soon in next update.Till then stay safe and healthy.

Author's POV**************

There was thick and suffocating silence in Living room of ICT Apartment. No one dare to even breath loudly as they watched the staring contest between the couple and their dads.

"For god sake, Say something Shubman...What's all this?? Whats going on here?"

Finally Mr.Gill decided to break the silence and asked sternly.

Ishan slightly hide behind shubman, who noticed his action and gave other a soft smile, to ease Ishan's worries.

Shubman then faced his dad before replying,

"After witnessing all that in dressing room, I don't think its hard to understand what's going on...still for you, let me say it clearly..."

Shubman paused in between before taking Ishan's hand in his own, ishan tried to pull his hand away as he recalled Mr.Gill's reaction from earlier,

But shubman held his hand firmly, refusing to let go before continuing his words,

"Me and ishan, We are DATING..."

Ishan turn to look at his dad, who was looking clearly pissed, then his graze fall at his brother, who gave him a worried and somewhat comforting smile, making ishan feel a little at ease , atleast his brother understand him.

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!" Mr.Gill's angry voice echoed in whole living room.

But shubman was looking rather calm and collected.

"The literal meaning, Dad.." He replied calmly, adding fuel to Mr.Gill's anger.

Mr.Gill slammed his hand on table and stood up angrily, before pointing his finger at Shubman and ishan.

"Do you even realise what nonsense are you saying? Dating? That too, ishan? Have you lost it?! He is a boy for god sake!! And Mr.kishan say something to your son..." Mr.Gill said last sentence while looking at Mr.Kishan in disbelief.

Mr.kishan was staring at ishan, who is looking guilty about not telling all this to him, but he can tell ishan is not feeling even a ounce of remorse for falling in love with Shubman, a man.

Then he shifted his attention towards Shubman. Although Shubman is looking all calm and collected but his eyes, they are filled with lots of emotions.

As he was busy observing them, he heard Mr.Gill, telling him to put some sense into ishan's head.

Raj also held his hand, silently pleading to him, for his brother's happiness. Because to other's mr.kishan may seem as he is not angry but raj knows better, his dad is furious right now.

After a whole moment of silence, Mr.kishan break his silence.

"What are your intentions, towards my son?" Mr.kishan questioned, seriously.

Mr.Gill stare at him in shock before shouting,

"Are you out of your mind? What are You-"

Mr.kishan shot him a look and raised his hand to stop Mr.Gill from talking further.

"Please Mr.Gill, I know what i am doing, so I would appreciate if you let me do my work..."

"You know what i'm done!!...i'm leaving, I will forget that i ever had any son!..." Mr.Gill huffed in rage.

He then stormed out of living room angrily. Shubman just stare at the his retreating back, with an complicated look in his eyes.

"What are you looking at? Go and talk to him..." Ishan urged Shubman.

"No need.." Shubman replied flatly.

"But-" ishan started but shubman cut him off.

"No buts...I know my dad, it's better to leave him alone for time being, don't worry I will talk to him later..." Shubman assured him.

Mr.kishan once again faced the duo, waiting for answer from shubman.

" about your question, My intention towards your son is simple, uncle...he is mine!" Shubman replied bluntly.

Mr.kishan didn't said anything to him, and shifted his attention to ishan,

"Go back to your room...I need to talk with shubman..." He said to ishan.

"No please dad, if you want to say something, please let me be here too..." Ishan protested feeling worried for shubman.

"I told you go back to your room ishu, don't let me repeat myself!!" This time Mr.kishan used a stern and firm tone.

Ishan was about to protest again but shubman patted on his hand gently, making ishan look at him.

"Go upstairs, ish.." Shubman said softly before looking at other ict members.

"Bhaiya take him upstairs, and please stay there with him, or else he will start panicking in worry..." He said.

Except Rohit and virat all members left for upstairs with ishan, who keep looking back anxiously until he reached his room.

"He obeys you more than me, huh..." Mr.kishan couldn't help but comment sarcastically.

"We can talk now..." Shubman said, not minding other's comment.

"Sure...you know what kind of country and society we live in...right?" Mr.kishan asked.

"I know..." Shubman replied while nodding,

"Then you must also know that, I want my son to marry a girl like any other parents and see grandchildren, to continue my family..." Mr.kishan said.

"I know uncle and i also know that you don't even know how to handle this situation as you still can't wrap your mind around the fact that your son is dating a man, me...." Shubman replied calmly, not looking even a little uneasy.

As they were engrossed in all this, virat shifted a little close to rohit who was looking at whole this thing seriously.

"What's with all these questions? are they playing, "kaun banega kiska pati?"Virat whispered in Rohit's ear.

Rohit gave him a done look before whispering back,

"Only you can say something such wierd in between of this serious situation..."

Virat gave him a glare, which rohit ignored before turning their focus to Shubman and Ishan's dad.

"From what i can see, you are a very confident and stubborn person...so if i tell you to break up with my son and leave him alone, you will definitely don't do that... Right?" Mr.kishan asked,

Shubman didn't even waste a second before replying,

"Yes..you are right.."

Mr.kishan sighed while rubbing his forehead.

"I have never met someone this brave and straightforward...dammit.." Mr.kishan said feeling  a little speechless because of Shubman's straightforwardness.

To which shubman gave him a amused smile before asking,

" I have also never met someone like you uncle...because i can tell you are very angry right so why are you not yelling and cursing at me?"

Mr.kishan didn't bothered to reply him but raj decided to speak on behalf of his father.

"Because he know ishan better than anyone...he know if he caused ruckus because of his anger, ishan will never listen to him and turn against him, which ofcourse dad don't want..." Raj replied from side.

Shubman smiled slightly when heard raj. Shubman can tell one thing now, Ishan's dad loves ishan dearly, to the point to do anything for him.

"Good...you know now that i'm not going to leave ishan...so what do you want from me? I mean isn't it best to just accept us? " Shubman asked while raising an eyebrow at him.

"You are very brave to talk with your elders like this. Let me ask you this, do you really think love between two men will last, given our indian society? And will you able to take care of my son, forever?" Mr.kishan asked shubman back.

"You are, kind of, preventing me from getting together with your son right now so how did you know that i won't able to take care of your son forever?" Shubman retorted.

Mr.kishan felt a little lose of words. It's been a while since he met someone like himself and Shubman has same personality as him.

"You are so hard to talk with..." Mr.kishan let out with a sigh.

"Just like you uncle. I guess we should talk later as this conversation is not reaching to any destination..." Shubman replied and stood up.

"Fine...but i'm taking ishan with me, to our hotel...he will stay with me for time being" Mr.kishan said,also standing up.

Shubman face turn blank as he clenched his fist tightly. He know other is trying keep ishan away from him to test Shubman, so he composed himself before replying,

"Hmm...but not for long, I will come to take him back, because he belongs with me and to me..." Shubman replied firmly,

Mr.kishan ignored his words before turning his attention to raj.

"Go help your brother with packing... We are leaving with him " he said to raj.

Raj hesitantly nodded and went upstairs to get ishan. While virat and rohit patted Shubman's shoulder, giving comfort to him,who stood there with stiff face...."Let me go downstairs please bhaiya...what if they fought? Dad is a strict person...please let me go..." Ishan pleaded for nth time now while looking at his members.

"Calm down ishu, rohit and virat are there with Shubman, they will handle it if something really happens..." Kl Rahul said.

Ishan was about to say something again but stopped when someone walked inside room and said,

"Dad is done talking with shubman...pack your bags, you are going to live with us in hotel for time being..." Raj said while walking to cupboard and start taking Ishan's clothes out.

"What!! No...I won't go anywhere without shubman, please bhaiya talk with dad...I love Shubman, bhaiya, i love him."

Ishan shouted, almost on the verge of tears while tugging on raj's sleeve. While others gave a look of pity to crying boy.

Raj stopped and turn around to face Ishan before raising his hand and caressed Ishan's head.

"I know ishu, you love him. And believe me from what i can see he loves you more, but dad is adamant, he will definitely take you with us..." Raj replied with a sigh.

Raj has saw the madness and love for ishan in Shubman's eyes but he also know his dad, it's also impossible to change his decision.

Ishan keep shaking his head in no, As tears stream down his face. He backed few steps away while wiping his tears.

"I won't go!! I WON'T GO ANYWHERE!!" Ishan shouted before running out of his room.

Other members hurriedly followed the boy, feeling damn worried for him. Raj sighed before start packing Ishan's clothes, as he know nothing can stop his dad now.

"Ishu stop running baccha... Or else you will fall!!"

Shubman turn towards stairs when he heard hardik's shouting and saw ishan running down on stairs with teary eyes while members running behind him.

Shubman hurriedly walked to stairs and ishan immediately throw himself on shubman once he reached the last stair. Shubman wrapped his arms around other's waist, lifting him.

Other members also sighed in relief when they saw ishan in Shubman's arms.

"Shh...shh, ish stop crying, " shubman said while patting his back.

Ishan looked up at Shubman, tears still streaming down from his eyes.

"I don't want to go anywhere with dad...please shub I want to stay here with you.." Ishan cried while pleading as his breathing turn heavy.

Shubman's heart clenched painfully, looking at Ishan's condition. He placed ishan on floor and wiped his tears.

"Calm down...take deep breaths" shubman instructed.

Ishan did what he was told and soon his breathing become stable. But then a hand tugged ishan's arm, pulling him away from shubman with force.

Ishan desperately grabbed Shubman's wrist while his other hand was in hold of Mr.kishan.

"Dad please..." Ishan begged as he looked at his dad.

Mr.kishan stoned his heart before pulling ishan but other didn't leave Shubman's wrist. Everyone stare at this tugged war with worried expression.

"Leave him!! You are hurting him dad.." Raj shouted as he come down with Ishan's luggage.

Ishan stare at Shubman's expressionless face, he is not getting a good feeling about this.

"Shub please say something...Tell him that you won't let me go with-"

Ishan's words come to an halt when Shubman freed his wrist from Ishan's grip, before saying

"Go with your dad..."

Ishan stare at him in disbelief and his whole body trembled. Is shubman is leaving him?! No this can't be!

Except rohirat, who know whole thing, all members also looked shocked. They didn't expected shubman to give up this easily.

"You want me to leave with him?" Ishan asked as his lips trembled.

"Yes.." Shubman let out coldly.

Ishan turn silent for few seconds before looking at Shubman with his red and swollen eyes.

"I hate you!!..." Ishan shouted angrily, feeling betrayed.

Shubman's whole being turn froze as he heard his words. It broke his heart into million pieces. He clenched his fist tightly, digging nails in his palm. He was feeling damn angry, his eyes turn red.

"Don't say something which you regret later..." Shubman warned while gritting his teeth.

Ishan didn't said anything and kept his head low. Mr.kishan had enough for their argument and start dragging ishan towards exit, raj hurriedly followed them.

"Shubi...please stop him, didn't you said you love him like crazy? So what happened to your love now?" Kl rahul asked as he saw ishan going.

"I'm letting him go but for now only..."

Having said that Shubman, left for his room directly, leaving everyone confused except rohit and virat.

"What does he mean by "only for now"...?" Siraj asked.

"You will understand it soon, just wait and watch.." Virat replied before sitting on couch with sigh.

Everyone followed his action and sat there in silence....In car, ishan was crying his heart out on shoulder of raj, While raj patted his back to calm him down.

Raj stare at his dad helplessly, while his dad remain unbothered to Ishan's cries.

"Stop crying bachha, you will start feeling dizzy because of crying too much.." Raj said to him.

"He left me bhaiya..." Ishan cried miserably, wetting raj's shirt.

"No he didn't you idiot!!, looking at your state, I can bet shubman must be feeling ten time worse than you..." Raj shouted in his heart with a sigh.

But ofcourse he cant say this to ishan, atleast not infront of their dad, so he just continue patting Ishan's head to comfort him.

Then suddenly ishan's phone dinged with a notification of new message, ishan picked his phone from side and opened the text,

Before  angrily throwing it away on seat as he read the text sent by a certain someone.

"What was it?" Raj asked in confusion.

"Nothing just some scammer motherfucker!!" Ishan cursed angrily.

Raj gave him a look but didn't question further.

On Ishan's phone's screen, which was abandoned by it's owner, message box was still opened, it's shows the message.

"You really never think twice before saying anything, do you? Don't worry I will make sure that you won't say something like this ever again. Wait from my call at night..." -text from shub❤️.

Ishan glanced a little towards his before turning around and huffing angrily as he cried, feeling more hurt.

"How dare he still behave like he didn't abandoned me? All men are jerks!!"Ishan cursed mentally, forgetting that he is also a man.

______________________________________

Note:

Sorry for the late update, but it's going to be like this for a while because of the issue at home.

Now about chapter, please share your views on this chapter in comments and vote for it.

See you soon in next update.Till then stay happy and healthy.

Author's POV**************

It's already night. Ishan was looking out from the window with lifeless expression, lost in his thoughts.

Just why obstacles keep coming in their life, one after another? Because he fell for a man? But that doesn't mean, his love is not pure and true. Life and Everything else is being unfair with them.

Ishan soon felt something wet on his cheeks, he touched them and realised that he was crying, once again.

He heard someone opening the door of room, he immediately wiped his tears and turn around. There stood raj with plate of food in his hands. Yes, he is staying in raj's hotel room.

Raj put the plate on the table and walked to ishan. He sighed when he saw his red eyes.

"You were crying again..." Raj said, he wasn't asking, as he can tell other was definitely crying.

"Are you not disappointed in Me, like dad? " Ishan asked instead of replying to raj's question.

"Disappointed? About what?" Raj asked as he sat on the bed with crossed legs.

Ishan walked to bed and sit beside him, facing his brother before replying.

"Well...me being in relationship with Shubman, who is a man ofcourse...,"

Although raj already know now about him and shubman but he still find it hard to talk about it with raj.

"To be honest, I'm a little disappointed" Raj replied, making ishan lower his head, feeling sad.

His family has always been supportive to him. But now things are different, he have shubman in his life and now that instead of wife, there is husband in the picture, so their disappointment is understandable.

"When i saw you in that position with Shubman, I won't lie, i was very shocked. I never thought that you could love a man, It just never occurred to me. But now that i think about it, despite your taste or preference, you are still my brother...." Raj continued.

Ishan immediately looked up at him as he heard his words. He froze for a good minute.

"What do you mean, bhaiya?" Ishan asked in a trembling voice.

Raj smiled a little before caressing Ishan's head in a  affectionate manner.

"What i mean is...nothing in this world can change the fact that you are my brother. Regardless of whom your heart is with, i will always love you and take care of you. You are big enough to choose right and wrong for yourself and i'm here to support you in your decision..." Raj replied with a smile.

Ishan was stunned, raj chuckled at his shocked expression. After overcoming the shock, ishan threw himself on raj, hugging him tightly.

"You are the best bhaiya ever, thankyou thankyou so much for accepting us..." Ishan expressed his gratefulness.

Raj patted his back and both of them then pulled away from hug.

"I may accept all this but dad won't, atleast not that easily. It's too much for him, to take in. That's why he decided to bring you away from shubman, I hope you understand dad..." Raj said, he don't want any bitter feelings between ishan and their dad.

Ishan's face turn a little upset as his dad was mentioned.

"Do...do you know what dad is upto?" Ishan asked, looking concerned.

"No...but i believe he won't do anything extreme because i can tell, that he can also see Shubman's deep love for you. He knows that shubman can take care you...although i'm not sure about you, do you think you can take care of shubman?" Raj said,and  decided to tease ishan a little, to lighten the mood of other.

To which ishan glared at him and pushed him a little away.

"Ofcourse i can take care of him...he won't survive even single day without me having around. I take care of everything of his, his wallet, watch and clothes, Everything!!" Ishan replied smugly, feeling all proud.

"Woah- never knew you can be such a wife material! Are you the same the ishan, who always used to need mom, to have his every work done? Love truly works magically!! " Raj exclaimed in surprised tone, which sounded sarcastic to Ishan's ears.

"You are really annoying, do you know that?" Ishan huffed while pouting.

To which, Raj bumped his shoulder against Ishan's,

" it's the side effect of your company, my ishu darling..." Raj replied while wiggling his eyebrows at ishan.

"Hehe..very funny! Now move away i need to sleep..." Ishan replied sarcastically.

Having said that, ishan was about to lay down but raj stopped him from doing so. Making ishan stare at him in confusion.

"Have your dinner first then sleep..." Raj reminded while pointing at the plate on the table.

Ishan immediately shook his head in "No" vigorously. He don't have any appetite, he may smile but inside his heart is filled with loneliness, without Shubman.

"I'm not hungry bhaiya...put the plate away" ishan said.

"Why? Can't even eat without your husband by your side? And you were saying he can't survive without you...now looking at you, you are not different case either...." Raj teased him jokingly, to cheer up younger a little.

Instead of laughing like any other times, ishan gave him a serious look, making raj sigh and turn quite.

"Okay I won't say anything anymore but please eat something..." Raj said and took the plate in his hand.

"No bhaiya...please i'm really not hungry. Don't force me...please..." Ishan pleaded, giving a disgusting look to plate of food.

In the end, Raj sighed in defeat and put the plate away. Ishan then layed down and covered himself before closing his eyes.

"Good night ishu...wake me even at 2 A.M if you feel hungry...okay?" Raj said while staring at Ishan's sleeping back.

Although ishan didn't replied to him but Raj know other heard him, so he turn off the lights and lay down on bed....Meanwhileat the same time, Shubman was sitting on the couch with Alcohol bottle in his hand. He had been drinking since a while now.

"Oh bhai...stop drinking already!! Why i'm getting a vibe of Devdas from you? Did you had a fight with bhabhi?" Abhishek, who finally couldn't bear this, asked and took the bottle from Shubman's hand.

"Not with ish but his dad...he got to know about us and he took ishan with himself..." Shubman answered blankly,

"What the fuck!! Is this your love life or indian tv serial? Why there are so twists?? What are you gonna do now?" Abhishek asked, feeling bad for shubman.

"For now i don't know... I tried to handle this calmly with his dad, but he has same personality as me...so at the end i backed down and tried to calm myself down First...." Shubman said calmly. He may act like it's not a big deal but his eyes are telling different story.

He closed his eyes but Ishan's teary eyes were the only thing the flashed before his eyes, making shubman open his eyes, he than snatched the liquor bottle from abhishek's hand and start drinking it.

Although his face was calm but his heart was feeling angry. He want to see ishan so bad, that urge was so hard that it left his heart and body aching in agony.

Abhishek stare at him with pity. He know Shubman never show his weakness but that doesn't mean he don't feel anything.

Suddenly Abhishek's phone ringed. He look at the caller i'd and sighed for the nth time before looking at shubman.

"Bro did you left the Apartment without informing others? See Virat bhaiya and rohit bhaiya keep ringing my phone without any break...here take it and atleast tell them that you are here..." Abhishek said with sigh.

He then picked the call before putting it on speaker and hand it to shubman, mentioning him to talk.

"Hello bha-" shubman started but got cut off in middle by Virat's angry shouting.

"WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?! Can you act like a responsible person for once?! Do you even know how worried everyone is for you?!"

"I'm so-" Shubman started again, only to cut off once again.

"Keep your sorry to yourself!! I'm done with you guys...sometimes ishan leave without informing, sometimes you!! Do you think we don't have anything else to do, that you guys keep leaving without informing and we keep looking for you like idiots...Now say something!!"

Virat angry shout echoed in Abhishek's apartment.

"Atleast give him a chance to speak, Only then he will able to speak right? And please calm down..."

Both bestfriend heard Rohit's voice in the background, probably calming the furious virat.

Only then Shubman decided to reply,

"Thankyou Ro bhaiya and I'm at Abhishek's apartment with him ofcourse...I felt suffocated in that room, without ish...that's why i left from there, to calm my mind a little" Shubman replied as his voice turn a little heavy.

Virat become silent when he heard so much vulnerability in Shubman's voice and mentally scolded himself for shouting at younger. He calmed himself down before saying,

"We know bachha, that it's so hard for you but you have to understand that, we all are here for you. Bachha please return back right now....We are worried for you.." Virat said using soft tone this time.

"Hmm...okay" shubman replied shortly.

"Good...is this call on speaker?" Virat asked after a little pause.

"Yes...why?" Shubman asked in confusion.

"Nothing... If it's speaker that means, abhishek can hear me too...so abhi drop him here and don't let him drive with alcohol in his system...okay?" Virat's voice said from other side.

Abhishek and shubman shared a surprised look among themselves as abhishek replied,

"Okay bhaiya...but can I ask how did you know that he is drinking? "

Abhishek asked as shubman's alcohol tolerance is quite impressive, so it's kinda hard to guess that he is drunk over phone.

To his question, virat just scoffed on other side of phone.

" you can say, that i just know him too well..." That was Virat's reply before ending the call.

Abhishek put the phone back in his jeans pocket and stood up, shubman did the same.

"Let's go my modern devdas..." Abhishek teased him a little, earning a glare from his best friend.

"Are you looking for a good beating huh?" Shubman asked, cracking his fingers, together.

Abhishek gave him a nervous look before making a zip closing gesture over his mouth.

"Better!!.." Shubman replied and start walking towards the exit, and abhishek hurriedly followed him.

In the living room of ICT Apartment, Everyone had their eyed fixed on the Entrance of living room, waiting for shubman to come as it's already been 30 minutes, since virat last talked with him.

And soon their wait come to an end, when they saw shubman walking inside,looking all sober, thanks to his high tolerance.

"Are you okay?" Rohit asked once other reached them.

"Don't know..." Shubman replied in a expressionless voice.

"Shubi, gather yourself together. You need to stay strong for yourself and ishu..." Virat said while patting Shubman's shoulder.

Shubman gave him a look before giving a small nod.

"Now stop thinking and go get some sleep..." Rohit said.

"Hmm.." Shubman hummed and with that, he left for his room.

Everyone stare at his retreating back with worried eyes. Before looking at each other, feeling helpless. They really don't know what to do to ease their youngest's couple's pain....Ring....ring...ring...

It was 11 : 15 A.M in night, ishan is sleeping without any care of this world. But raj was having difficulty with sleeping as Ishan's phone keep ringing continuously, giving headache to him.

Finally he couldn't bear it anymore and get up irritatedly, he turn to look at his left, where ishan is sleeping. Ishan always amazed him with his sleeping ability, only he can sleep even with his phone ringing right next to his ear.

"Bhai oh...are you planning to break the phone and come out of it right here? Atleast give a second of rest to it..." Raj said irritatedly, while staring at the ringing phone.

But the phone keep ringing, like there is no tomorrow. Raj reached for Ishan's phone and checked the caller i'd, he immediately became alert when he saw it's from shubman.

He start shaking ishan with force, while shouting his name, to wake him up.

"Ishu...Ishan!! Wake up, Your shubman is calling like crazy... Ishan!! Wake up dammit!!" Raj shouted right in Ishan's ear.

Ishan woke up hurriedly, looking here and there in panic.

"What happened? Did police raid the hotel?!" Ishan exclaimed in panic.

Raj stare at him, feeling speechless by him yet again. But he then shook his head, it's nothing new anyway.

"I won't even question how did you always think weirdest possibility...and no nothing like that happen...Your shubman was calling but now he hung up..." Raj said before handing him his phone.

Ishan took the phone and only then he remembered that Shubman has texted him in car, that he will call in night.

He immediately opened the phone and his eyes widened when he saw 10 missed calls from shubman and a voice mail too.

Ishan didn't give much thought to it as he clicked on the voice mail, and both he and raj froze when they heard the message inside that voice mail.

"MR.ISHAN SHUBMAN GILL!! If you didn't pick my next call...I will fuck you so hard that, you won't able to walk for whole month!!"

Shubman's angry and intimidating voice echoed in silent room. Although that name sounded pleasant to Ishan's ear, but his angry growl sent shivers and chills to ishan as well, while raj was too stunned to speak anything.

"I think i heard something, i shouldn't have...You receive his call i'm going to sleep in dad room.." Raj said after a moment of silence as he had an horrified look on his face.

Ishan gave him an embarrassed and awkward smile.

"Please don't tell him about Shubman calling me..." Ishan said.

Raj waved his hand at him and exited the room as quickly as he can, not wanting to stay there longer.

Ishan went to close the door and at the same time, Shubman's name flash on his mobile screen as other called him once again but this time it was video call.

Ishan picked the call within a second and a very angry looking Shubman's face appeared on his phone screen.

"So finally you got the time to pick my call?" Shubman asked while hissing angrily.

Ishan walked to bed before sitting on it while crossing his legs and looked at shubman.

"I don't talk to betrayers...you let me go, so what right do you have to call me like this huh?" Ishan also become angry. Why shubman is behaving like ishan is the one who left him?

Shubman's face darkened as he heard ishan. He glared at ishan through phone, making ishan gulp nervously.

"I have every right to call you, anytime I want, got it?! And don't you already know that your fate is sealed with me?" Shubman asked in angry deep voice.

"Then why didn't you stopped me, instead of letting me go like that? Tell me.." Ishan demanded as his eyes turn teary, he got so used to having Shubman by his side that, it becomes almost impossible to live without him.

Seeing his teary eyes, Shubman's eyes and expression softened.

"I let you go but only for few days...take it as a holiday with your dad before coming to me permanently. Because after this you will never be away from me..." Shubman said softly, grazing tenderly at ishan, filling the thirst of his eyes.

Ishan sniffed as he tried his best to not breakdown infront of shubman.

"Really?Are you telling the truth?" Ishan asked in a crying voice.

"Yes my baby...now stop crying, i'm not there to wipe your tears..." Shubman said as his own voice cracked a little in end.

Ishan nodded and wiped his tears before giving a small smile to shubman.

"Please come and take me with you soon.." Ishan pleaded in raw emotion filled voice.

Shubman froze as he heard him. He immediately looked down to suppress the emotions in his heart, not wanting ishan to see it. He clenched his fist tightly before looking up at his phone.

"I will...just wait for few days..." Shubman replied.

They talked about 15 minutes more before ending the call with a "good night".

Ishan stare at the phone screen and mumbled before closing his eyes.

" i miss you hubby..."

Meanwhile, Shubman throw the phone away on bed and caressed Ishan side bed, looking longingly at it.

"Sleeping without you? I can't do it!...you have become my unavoidable and incurable habit..." Shubman mumbled to himself quietly.

_______________________________________Note:

Here the update. It may have some mistakes as i wrote it in hurry so please forgive me for that.

And don't forget to share your views on this chapter and vote for it if you like it.

See you soonStay happy and healthy.

Author's  POV**************

Next Morning ishan was talking on the video call with shubman. He made a confused face as he saw shubman getting all dressed up.

"Are you going out shub?" Ishan asked.

"Yes...A friend called, so i'm going to meet him..." Shubman replied.

"Is it abhishek? And when are you going to sort things with my dad and take me back?" Ishan asked again.

"No, it's not him and about your dad, I still need to think of something to make him accept us..." Shubman replied with honesty.

Ishan nodded in understanding and saw shubman getting up and searching for something, he can already guess what other is looking for.

"Your watch along with your wallet, is in left bedside table's first drawer..." Ishan said as he saw shubman looking here and there with a stressed face.

Shubman quickly went to bedside table and opened the said drawer before sighing as he took out his watch and wallet.

He then looked at ishan through phone screen before saying,

"I have become so dependent on you for Everything that I can't even find my own things..."

To which ishan flipped his non existent long hair, looking smugly at shubman.

"I knew it, you can't survive without me..." Ishan said proudly.

"So true, it has become impossible to live without you..." Shubman replied while staring at ishan with longing.

Ishan fell silent as he detected the longing and vulnerability in Shubman's voice, it's his second time seeing shubman like this, the first time was when he was about to break up with Shubman.

Shubman noticed ishan's gloomy mood and cleared his throat before saying,

" Okay enough about me, did you have your breakfast? " shubman asked, to change the subject.

Ishan's eyes flickered at middle table of room, where raj has once again put the plate of breakfast, but he didn't eat it, before looking back at shubman.

"Yes, I did...umm..Can I ask a favor? Can you call me every hour?" Ishan asked while stuttering, he feel kinda embarrassed to ask it.

A smirk appeared on Shubman's lips as looked at Ishan's embarrassed face.

"Why? Missing me too much?, Say please and I will call you, even inform you my whereabouts" Shubman said, clearly teasing ishan.

He was expecting an loud embarrassed "No" from ishan as other never admit that he miss Shubman and about begging, ishan never do it.

But shubman froze as he heard Ishan's next words.

"Please shub...call me, I miss you like crazy, it feels empty without you...please!" Ishan pleaded in a soft voice As he made a pleading face.

Shubman didn't said anything just keep staring at ishan with lot's of emotions in his eyes.

"Don't say anything, keep silent..." He replied hastily, voice sounding a little heavy.

Ishan made a confuse face before asking,

"Why...I already said what you told me.." Ishan asked in confusion, not understanding other.

"What i mean is...stop with that sweet voice and pleading face, or else I will not able to stop myself from coming over there and Fucking you...." Shubman said in hoarse voice, staring right into Ishan's soul through phone screen.

Ishan's whole body trembled as he heard the strong need in other's voice, almost dropping the phone. His cheeks heated up, turning little pink.

"I'll call you later bye.."

Having said that, shubman ended the call, leaving a blushing ishan, staring at phone black screen. He raised his left hand and placed it on his chest.

"Calm down, idiot.." Ishan scolded while patting his heart, which is beating in a fast speed...In a hotel room, shubman sit on the couch, wearing a bored look on his face as he stare at the man sitting across himself.

After a whole minute of silence, the other man spoke first in a annoyed voice,

"Why did you call me here?" That man asked, while crossing his arms over chest.

To which shubman let out mocking scoff.

"Oh please drop this pretense, it's you who called me here,Dad.." Shubman replied.

Mr.Gill Cleared his throat feeling a little embarrassed as his son directly exposed him.

"So Where is the papers?" Shubman suddenly asked.

Mr.Gill stare at him, feeling confused.

"What papers?" Mr.gill asked back.

"The property papers...haven't you called me here, to disown me? So atleast i deserve my share of your assets..." Shubman replied with duh.

Mr.Gill become speechless, staring at him in disbelief. This fool is ready to break all the ties with him and his family, just for ishan?

"Are watching too many movies these days? And why do think that i will give you even a penny of my property after disowning you?" Mr.Gill asked with huff.

"Don't be so stingy Mr.Gill...are you going take that much property into your grave? " shubman asked back while raising an eyebrow at him.

Feeling offended by Shubman, Mr.gill glared at him.

"You come to Mr.Gill from dad, really quick huh and im not dying anytime soon, even if i did...i'd rather donate my property in charity then giving it to you!..." Mr.Gill shouted at him angrily.

"Whatever...just tell me why did you call me here and get over with it..after all it must be suffocating for you to breathe in same air as me..." Shubman said mockingly,

Mr.Gill took deep breaths to calm his anger down. He can't get angry now or else this will make things worse. Shubman's words are hurting him but he can't let shubman see that.

"Okay...after returning back I gave some thought to this matter, that's why i called you here..." Mr.Gill stopped in middle to look at Shubman's expression.

When he saw that shubman is giving him full attention, only then he continued,

"So Let me ask you this, Do You really think, Two men can spend their life together? Do this love really have any future? Everyone need a family, and scientifically its impossible for ishan to give you family...Can you really stay happy with him?"

Shubman heard Mr.Gill's every question with full focus. He then looked at his dad, understanding his concerns.

"I know dad, it's Kind of strange for you and I don't know about everyone but for me, I can spend my every life with this man only, With my ish. He completes me dad, I'm ready to fight for the future of our love, his love gave me strength to fight..." Shubman replied without any ounce of hesitation.

Mr.Gill didn't stopped him or interfered in between, letting Shubman to continue,

"You know dad, because of ishan I start to open up and become more expressive about my feelings. He makes me feel more alive...I can never leave me him dad..." Shubman words were filled with firm determination

"And what if i refu-" Mr.Gill's protest cut off by Shubman's next words.

"And about your last question, Believe me dad, you should be thankful that he is a man or else god knows how many grandchildren would have been playing in your lap, that too before our marriage..." Shubman completed calmly.

Mr.Gill stare at him in bewilderment, does he forget that he is sitting infront of his dad?

"SHAMELESS!! Do You think it's funny?!" Mr.Gill shouted in fury as he heard his son's shameless talks.

" And I'm Not Laughing, Dad" Shubman replied calmly.

Mr.Gill start feeling a headache coming because of all this. He massaged his head with his left hand.

"See, you are already old enough so stop stressed over small things and accept us, i mean you are only wasting your energy by opposing it because me, breaking up with ishan? Not happening, never...." Shubman said while shrugging, his shoulders.

Mr.Gill gave him a look before bending down and with a swift move he grabbed his slipper and throw it in Shubman's direction, who thankfully managed to dodge it on time.

"GET LOST! I had enough of your nonsense!!" Mr.Gill shouted once again.

Shubman stood up and straighten his shirt but instead of leaving from there he went Mr.Gill's side, who looked up at him with annoyance.

"Jokes apart, I really love him dad and it's impossible for me to choose between you two, I want both. If you want time to adjust, take as much as time you want....just don't neglect us completely...please,.." Shubman pleaded while taking Mr.Gill's hand in his own.

Shubman has always been a obedient child, he never disobeyed his parents and never asked for anything. This is the first time, he is asking something from his dad, it made Mr.Gill's anger reduced by a lot. After all Mr.Gill loves his son more than he show.

So after a moment of thinking, he said to shubman who was waiting hopefully.

"Hmm...I will think about it but you can't expect me to completely accept him just like that as i'm not used to this at all..." Mr.Gill said with sigh

A dimple smile broke on Shubman's face as he hugged his dad tightly, almost suffocating the poor man.

"It's more than enough dad...thank you so much for giving us a chance, i bet he will win your heart with his innocence and love..." Shubman said happily, still clinging to his dad.

"Enough... Now get off me, you are heavy...I can't breath!" Mr. Gill complained, pushing shubman away from himself.

Shubman smiled at him before standing properly once again.

"Okay then bye dad..." Shubman said and start walking towards door, only to come back running.

Mr.Gill stare at him in confusion and before he could process anything, shubman kissed his cheek and dashed out from his room.

"I LOVE YOU DAD!"

Mr.Gill heard shubman's shout coming from outside and shook his head as a small smile appeared on his face.

"It's been a while since i saw him this happy..." Mr.Gill muttered to himself....At the same time with ishan, he was laying on bed, staring at Ceiling blankly before sitting up with a loud huff. He took his phone and glared at it as shubman haven't called him even for once.

He stare at the wallpaper of his phone, it was his and Shubman's photo. He glared at Shubman's photo fiercely.

"Why are you not calling me?! You are so mean!" Ishan complained to Shubman's photo as if it could hear him.

Suddenly ishan heard someone,

"Just One day away from him and you have already gone mad?! Talking to photos like they can hear or say anything..."

Ishan turn to look at the person who just spoke and saw his dad standing on the door, who walked inside. Ishan put the phone away, not looking at his dad.

Mr.Kishan's eyes fell on the breakfast plate, which is still untouched by ishan before looking back at ishan.

"What's the meaning of all this? Are you a kid, throwing tantrums like this?" Mr.Kishan asked in a scolding tone.

Ishan didn't respond him to him at all, he just keep looking in opposite direction, making Mr.Kishan angry.

"Let me ask you this...what's so impressive about him? He is a man just like you...he don't even know how to talk with elders and he is even annoyingly stubborn...I don't understand why you like him..." Mr.kishan said angrily to him.

Ishan finally looked up at his dad, before replying,

"Dad you can't judge a person on the basis of first meet only...you know he is fully capable of taking me away from here with himself without anyone knowing but he don't want to upset you...that's why he letting me stay here with you,..."

Mr.Kishan took few deep breaths to calm his anger before staring at his son, who is looking like a dead body right now. Does shubman's absence made his son like this?

"Love between men don't have any future...do you think our society will accept this? And to how many people are you going explain your true love huh? Do you think it's that easy?" Mr.kishan asked, trying his best not sound harsh.

" I don't know anything dad... And I don't care about anyone else's opinion. It's my relationship, it's about my life...so it's my business not their and I love him dad, can't you open your mind to it and accept us?!" Ishan shouted feeling angry as his eyes turn teary.

"Accept this and watch you cry when society and every person around you will question your love and character? No, not happening..." Mr.Kishan replied firmly.

To which ishan felt out an chocked chuckle, while starting at his dad with his teary eyes.

"And right now, i'm not crying huh dad? See...am I looking happy to you? Please dad, atleast try to understand me and my feelings...." By now ishan was crying badly, making Mr.Kishan's turn his face other side.

"Ishu!...see-" Raj just entered the room while saying something stopped in mid sentence when his eyes fall on Their dad.

Mr.kishan turn behind and asked,

"What is it?! "

"Er...um...shubman is at reception to see ishan..." Raj said while looking between his dad and ishan.

Ishan who heard Shubman's name, didn't wasted even a second before running outside of room, Raj immediately followed him.

"Ishan come back right now!!" Mr.kishan shouted while running behind ishan, who ignored his shout completely.

______________________________________

Note:

Honestly i didn't wanted to post it today but as i have already this chapter written in draft so i decided to update it.

And important thing, i won't be able to update for few days as my Grandfather is no more, I will be busy with all those stuff. Hope you will wait for me.

Share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

See you soonPlease stay healthy everyone.

Author's POV**************

Shubman was walking in corridor after getting the room number from reception area. Then he saw a running figure coming in his direction.

Shubman frowned once he get the clear view of the teary eyed ishan running to him. He also took big strides approaching ishan.

Shubman stumbled a little as ishan throw himself on him, hugging him tightly. Shubman who has an concerned look on his face, hugged back the trembling boy in his arms, protectively.

Soon, two other people come running there, raj looked at them, felt bad for his brother, who is crying in Shubman's embrace, while Mr.Kishan just stare at them blankly.

"Why he is crying?" Shubman demanded in a deep voice, looking at other two.

As Raj also don't know the reason, so he turn to look at his dad, who didn't said anything.

"Ishan...leave him and come back to my side this instant!" Mr.kishan said sternly, ignoring Shubman's question.

The said man, pulled away from Shubman's embrace, still holding his hand before shaking his head in "no".

" No, I won't... " ishan said as his hold tightened around Shubman's elbow.

Mr.kishan sighed before taking a step forward and held ishan's other hand pulling him, who refused to leave Shubman's hand.

"Don't make me angry ishan, and move away from him..." Mr.kishan said while tugging ishan's hand harshly, unintentionally hurting him.

Ishan hissed, making shubman pull ishan's hand free from Mr.kishan's hold forcefully before looking at Mr.kishan with angry eyes.

"You doubted my love and care for your son...but what about you? Isn't he is crying because of you? Can you take care of him? I doubt it, because You are clearly hurting him...but I guess for you, your reputation matters more than your son's happiness..."

Shubman stated. Ishan half hide behind him, not wanting to go with his dad. Mr.kishan's eyes flickered at ishan's teary face before looking firmly at shubman.

"Shub please take me back with you...dad is not accepting us. I don't want to leave you...please take me back..." Ishan said while looking up at shubman with pleading eyes.

Mr.kishan glared at his son before huffing as he said in a little loud voice,

"You are not going anywhere ishan and that's final, so don't try to test me...come here quickly!!..."

Upon hearing him, ishan hides completely behind shubman, making Mr.kishan sigh in irritation.

Shubman half turned and stared at ishan who is looking so dull, not his usual cheerful self, he hates seeing ishan like this.

Actually he come here because, he just wanted to see ishan's face as he was missing other like crazy but now upon seeing his teary eyes, shubman just want to take him with himself and never let Mr.kishan take ishan away from him.

Seeing all this drama and choas, raj who was silent till now decided to speak as he take in their surrounding.

"Guys...we are in corridor, let's head to room and talk there, calmly... Okay?" Raj suggested.

Others also realised that Raj is right, so without any other exchange of words all of them went to Raj's and ishan's room as silence fall upon them.

"Ishan is coming with me..." Shubman said firmly, breaking the silence.

"Already give up? Didn't you said you are ready to fight for your love? Then what happened now?" Mr.kishan mocked, but there was slight disappointment in his tone.

"Dad don't talk to him like this-" ishan said meekly.

"Taking his side? So much love huh!! He can't even handle one obstacle and you think he can protect you from anything?!" Mr.kishan scolded his son before looking back to Shubman.

"Sorry to break this upto you, but you are not worthy of him! You can go now but alone..." Mr.kishan said firmly.

"Dad, You are being too harsh on them..." Raj let out, worried for couple.

Mr.kishan ignored his comment, seeing this Ishan was about to protest again but Shubman gave a assuring squeeze on Ishan's hand before looking back at Mr.kishan.

"I'm not running away or giving up on ish, like you are assuming. And I also didn't come here to upset you...I just wanted to see ish, as i was missing him. But now, i'm going to take him with me, because i won't let anyone including you, make him cry...." Shubman said calmly.

"And about proving myself, I will definitely do it and show you that nothing can stop me from taking care of your son forever. I will overcome every thorny path if at the end of it ishan waits for me...." Shubman finished.

Ishan was stunned as he stare at shubman, his lips trembling. While raj wanted nothing more than whistle and hoot loudly for Shubman.

"Anyone can say these words...who knows if your words can be trusted or not..." Mr.kishan commented.

"Yes you are right uncle but not everyone have courage in them...and I believe you can see in my eyes if i'm saying empty words or not..." Shubman replied.

Mr.kishan hates to admit but Shubman's eyes are showing stability and determination, making him rub his face in irritation.

For few moments, the room fell silent as everyone waited for Mr.kishan's next words. Mr.kishan looked at the couple with an unreadable look.

"Just go!...and if i saw any tears in his eyes because of you, I will break your all bones and turn them into powder... And i'm too not saying empty words..."

Mr.Kishan threatened Shubman while glaring at him as ishan froze for a good minute, not believing his ears. Raj immediately hugged Ishan, breaking his daze.

"D-dad...do you really mean it?" Ishan asked while stuttering,

Mr.kishan walked to him and caressed his head in a affectionate manner, looking at him with fond eyes.

"Hmm...I mean it, sorry for making you cry earlier. Seeing you happy is what matters the most..." Mr.kishan replied warmly.

Ishan let out a happy teary laugh before hugging his dad tightly. Raj also did the same while Shubman just stare at them with a small smile.

"Although i hate your guts, but still unfortunately you are my son's lover so come and join the hug..." Mr.kishan said while rolling his eyes at shubman.

"No-" shubman was about to deny politely but Mr.kishan cut him off.

"Join the hug or i'm changing my decision.. Now choose yourself..." Mr.kishan stated impatiently.

The next second, Raj and Ishan chuckled when Shubman hurriedly hugged them, not taking any chance....Mr.kishan was busy threatening shubman in every possible way, raj finally couldn't bear it and dragged him out, giving some private time to couple.

Shubman and Ishan stood there in silence, staring at each other. Suddenly shubman grabbed ishan by his arm and with a swift moment turn him around before slamming Ishan's back to his chest.

"What are you doing?!" Ishan asked, confused.

Shubman didn't said anything and caged other in his arms from behind, hiding his face in Ishan's shoulder blade.

"Let me stay like this for a moment...I missed holding you in my arms, you dad is so cruel, he didn't even think twice before taking you away from me..." Shubman couldn't help but complain like a spoiled kid, making ishan chuckle.

"Are you the same Shubman who was facing my dad fearlessly a while ago?" Ishan asked, half teasing and half amused.

Shubman bit Ishan's neck out of nowhere, making ishan hiss.

"Don't tease me..." Shubman said as he continue leaving slow and wet tiny kisses on his nape.

Ishan can feel the need in his kisses, he also want to be owned by shubman again so thinking like that he slowly turn around, now facing Shubman, whose hands are still placed on his waist.

He circled his arms around Shubman's neck, before leaning close to his ears.

"Take me home fast shub...I want to hold you close." Ishan whispered seductively, giving kitten lick to his earlobe.

Shubman's hold tightened around Ishan's waist as he closed his tightly, trying his best to stop himself from taking ishan right here and there.

"I hope you are aware that you are awaking a beast..." Shubman growled as his hot breath burn Ishan's skin.

"And i'm ready to be your prey..." Ishan replied in a needy voice.

Shubman cursed under his breath before pushing Ishan away, who looked a little confuse.

"I'm giving you 10 minutes, pack your things and if you delayed then i won't think twice before Fucking you right here..."

Having said that shubman quickly left the room, afraid of loosing his control while Ishan stood there with a flushed face.

"Thankfully, I never unpacked my luggage or else it was impossible to pack all clothes within just 10 minutes..." Ishan muttered to himself, as his graze fall on his suitcase which was placed by cupboard side.

He took the suitcase and exited the room before walking to reception area, upon reaching there, he frowned a little as he saw two other people with Shubman. raj and Mr.kishan there  too, with their suitcase.

"Dad..bhaiya, where are you both going?" Ishan asked, approaching them.

"Patna...Your mom also have right to know about this...." Mr.kishan replied.

Ishan once again became anxious, worried about how his mom will react to all this.

"Don't worry...me and dad will handle everything there, you just focus on world cup..." Raj said while patting his shoulder.

"Yes...and don't you dare lay your hands on my son, starting from today to world cup series ends..." Mr.Kishan warned shubman. His face twisted as he still remember that dressing room incident.

"Dad!! Not again please..." Raj sighed, done with his dad's antics.

Ishan cleared his throat, looking here and there while shubman just smirked mentally before giving an innocent nod.

"Only if you knew uncle..." Shubman chuckled as he thought in his mind.

"Let's go guys..." Ishan urged them

And with that, they checked out from hotel before going different ways....Right now both of them are in car, heading to ICT Apartment, Shubman has already informed other members about it.

He stare at ishan who is looking outside of car window, lost somewhere. He used his left hand to touch Ishan's thigh, bringing other out of his thoughts.

"What you thinking ish? " He asked.

To which ishan let out a depressing sigh, causing him to frown in confusion.

"You should be happy that your dad has accepted us...so why this depressed sigh?" He asked once again.

"I'm happy about that but it's not only about my dad's acceptance, what about your dad? Seeing his anger yesterday, i don't think he will accept me..." Ishan expressed his worry,

Only then shubman realised that, between all that choas he actually forget to tell Ishan about his meeting with his dad.

"About that...today i come to meet you because of two reasons first, I was missing you and second, remember i told you in morning that i'm going to meet my friend? It was my dad not any friend. He called me talk about all this...and after some emotional blackmail for *I never asked for anything from you* , he somehow become ready to give us a chance..."

Shubman finished explaining everything, and let out a low laugh as he saw Ishan's surprised big eyes, filled with disbelief.

"You...you are not kidding right? I mean not saying all this just to keep my heart right?" Ishan asked, not believing while shaking shubman.

"Calm down...i'm driving ish, stop shaking me. " Shubman reminded, making ishan let go of him.

"And no i'm not kidding...he said that, he need time to adjust to it..but what matters more is he is ready to give us a chance..." He continued.

A beautiful smile bloomed on Ishan's face. Finally everything falling back on right place, no more pain of separation, no more fear of being judged by their family and about society? They can kindly fuck off!!

Ishan gave a blinding smile to Shubman, who immediately turn his attention to road. Ishan then take out his head out of car window as wind caressed his face.

"I'M HAPPIEST TODAY!!..." He shouted at the top of his lungs, while giggling loudly.

Shubman stare at him fondly before pulling his hand, making ishan look back at him.

"Sit properly ish...it's dangerous to stick your head out like this..." Shubman gently said.

And ishan didn't protest even for a second as he immediately sit properly, leaning back on his seat, smile never leaving his face, Shubman also has a content smile on his face.

"Nothing matters now as We have each other for forever..." Both of them thought at the same time.

_______________________________________Note :

Here is the next update, although i'm still busy with rituals but i also need to think about my lovely readers so I decided to update.

I wrote it in hurry, so there might be some mistakes, forgive me for that.

And please share your view on this chapter and vote for it.

One more thing, this book has only chapter left after that i will end this book.

See you soonTill then stay happy and healthy.

Author's POV**************

Shubmanparked the car infront of ICT Apartment as both of them get down from car. Shubman held ishan's hand as they shared a smile before walking towards the entrance.

But both of them frowned when they find the door locked from inside. Shubman ring the bell few times, after five minutes, the door was finally opened, loud cheering and hooting soon followed.

"WELCOME HOME!!"

There stood whole ICT team, giving wide smile with Abhishek and Mayank who shot glitter bombs, welcoming them wholeheartedly.

There was big "welcome home" balloons are decorated infront of couch and a big welcome written with flowers at door step.

( Like this )

Ishan stare at decoration with surprised eyes and mouth opened in awe. He then turn to look at shubman, who stare back at him and by his look, ishan can tell that other also didn't know about this.

Ishan was about to run inside and hug all of them for this beautiful surprise but Everyone shouted, halting his step in air.

"DON'T COME INSIDE!!"

"But...why?" A little startled ishan asked, while Shubman knitted his eyebrows as well.

"Rohit go and get it quickly before ishan step inside. That boy is damn impatient..." Virat urged rohit, who hurriedly went in kitchen direction to fetch something.

"Please wait a bit..." Hardik said while giving a clumsy smile to ishan and Shubman.

"What are you guys playing at?" Shubman asked, not understanding anything.

Suddenly ishan held his hand, making shubman look at ishan, who pointed in a direction from where rohit is coming with "Aarti ki thal"

Rohit stood infront of them as other members also stand behind him. Rohit gesture them to bend a little as he put the tika on their forehead before sprinkling some flowers at them. He then rotate the thal three times infront of couple, finally giving them way to enter.

"We didn't come after getting married you know?" Shubman said as couple walked inside in sync while holding hands.

"Yes but you both sure returned after winning a war as getting your fathers acceptance is no less than winning a war, so virat told to me to do this..." Rohit replied while putting that aarti thal away.

"Thankyou guys for such warm welcome, I was away for only one and half days but it felt like one year...missed you all, my second family" Ishan expressed while feeling a little emotional, causing everyone to coo at boy.

"Finally my baby is back...come give me a hug.." Mayank exclaimed dramatically, breaking the emotional atmosphere While others just chuckle at his antics.

Mayank then rushed to hug ishan, only to end up hugged the empty air. He glared at shubman who was standing while holding ishan in bridal style.

"Hey...what do you think you are doing?" Mayank asked while huffing.

"Firstly, He is not your baby got it...dare to call him that again and next day people won't able to find you ever again...and lastly who said you can even touch him, let alone hugging? " Shubman hissed irritatedly at him.

To which mayank let out a snort at Shubman's possessiveness but didn't said anything. He suddenly felt a hand wrapped around his shoulder and turn to look at the owner of hand.

"Don't be sad...I won't stop you from hugging me...hug me as much as you want..." Abhishek said while giving him a teasing smile.

"Aww...really?!" Mayank asked in extra sweet voice.

Abhishek nodded, mayank gave him a tight lipped smile before stomping abhishek feet hardly, making other let out a painful yelp, moving two step away from him.

"Fuck off..." Mayank cursed, annoyed.

Abhishek sulked being scolded by mayank. He was just teasing why other get so agitated?. While other just stare amusingly at the bickering duo.

Ishan patted Shubman's chest to let him down but Shubman didn't do it, he put his lips near ishan's ear.

"The beast inside me is hungry and don't have great patience level, Remember you wanted to hold me close..." Shubman whispered making ishan turn all red.

"But let me get my luggage from car first..put me down shub..." Ishan tried to reason with him in hush tone.

"We can get that later....I'm loosing my control ish..." Shubman replied impatiently in his ear, making ishan embarrassed.

Other members shared a look among themselves while looking at couple's interaction before shouting,

"Oh please...Get a room guys!!..."

Everyone shouted in unison.

Ishan become more embarrassed as he hid his face in Shubman's chest.

"We were about to get one...no need to remind us.."

Shubman commented shamelessly before start walking toward stairs with ishan in his hold, who wanted more then to dig a hole and hide inside it.

"Your bestfriend sure is shameless...just like you.." Mayank throw the comment with a scoff.

"Woah- why drag me in dirt too?!" Abhishek exclaimed feeling wronged by other.

Mayank ignored his whines and walked to members who seems between some serious conversation. Abhishek followed too.

"What are you guys talking about so seriously?" Abhishek asked.

"We are deciding, where to stay for today..." Jadeja replied, making abhishek and mayank more confused.

"What we mean is...we cherish our ears and don't want to suffer once again because of your horny bestfriend... So we are going out for today..." Rohit explained.

It took few minutes before mayank and abhishek understood the meaning of all this and become a little embarrassed.

"How about my place,..you all are welcome there..." Abhishek suggested while clearing his throat.

Everyone immediately agreed to offer and not wanting to stay there any longer all of them hurriedly left the apartment with abhishek....The first thing shubman did after reaching there room, was pinning Ishan on closed door before attacking his lips like a hungry animal.

Ishan let out a throaty moan at the aggression of kiss as he wrapped his arms around Shubman's neck. Shubman's hot tongue intertwined with ishan tongue, sucking on it greedily.

"Umm...hmm.." Ishan moaned softly as Shubman's hand slipped inside his tshirt, caressing his bare back.

Both of their lips remained pressed together as they kissed each other like there is no tomorrow. Shubman then left his lips only to dive in on Ishan's neck, sucking and biting there.

"Don't... Don't bite shub, it will leave marks..." Ishan said while moaning a little.

"Then let the world know, who you actually belongs to..." Shubman husked against his neck, giving pleasurable shivers to ishan.

He keep abusing Ishan's neck as his hand roamed on Ishan's bare body, under his tshirt. Ishan become moaning mess,tilting his head other way to give more access to Shubman.

"Ah..ah-shub.." Ishan hissed while moaning when shubman bit his earlobe, licking it afterward.

Shubman groaned at the melodious moan as he breath Ishan's scent in. He never knew that a man's voice can arouse this much desire in him. He is getting more addicted to Ishan and everything thing about the said boy.

Shubman hurriedly walked to their joint bed and thew ishan on bed before hovering over the shorter male, Ishan stare in Shubman's dark eyes which are filled with need and love.

"Don't stare me like that baby...you have already seduced me enough, if you keep looking at me with those hooded eyes...I might take you aggressively and forcefully like some fierce beast..." Shubman warned as his hot breath washed over Ishan's face, heating his whole body.

Ishan heart skipped a beat but he didn't stop staring at shubman, making other loose his sanity. Shubman without wasting a second ripped Ishan's shirt along with his pants and underwear, leaving him all naked to his eyes.

This all happened so fast that ishan didn't even realised that other has stripped him naked with in a few minutes. Shubman stare at the boy under him and licked his lips like hungry animal as his eyes roamed on ishan's naked body.

He then bent over before smashing his lips against Ishan's once again, hungrily and greedily. Ishan patted his shoulder, because of lack of oxygen only then shubman pulled apart.

Shubman looked at how Ishan's chest was rising and falling because of breathing heavily. He lowered himself and give a wet lick on Ishan's left nipple, making ishan jolt.

He smirked in satisfaction before giving few more licks to it then he take it whole in mouth and start sucking and biting on it.

Ishan threw his head back, feeling overwhelming pleasure, he held bed sheet tightly, arching his back, biting his lips to stop the loud moans.

"Ahhh...don't bite!!" Suddenly ishan shouted when shubman bite hardly on his nipple.

To which shubman looked at him,mouth still busy sucking the life out of that bud.

"Then stop suppressing those moans sweetheart.... I want to hear them," shubman said before doing same with Ishan's other nipple.

Shubman then straightened and quickly undressed himself completely, feeling impatient to feel ishan, skin to skin without any barrier of clothes.

He hovered over the Ishan once again and start kissing his bare upper body, covering his whole upper body with his marks, before pulling away.

"Can I do it without preparing you today?" Shubman asked as he stare at the ruin state of Ishan.

Although ishan know it will hurt him like crazy but still nodded his head in agreement, for shubman, he can withstand any pain.

"Really? I mean it will hurt you...can you bear it?" Shubman asked again, feeling a little concerned.

Ishan gave a fond smile to him, no matter what, Shubman always put him above than anything else and this is what made ishan love other crazily.

"I can bear it...just hold me close.." Ishan assured him while giving a long peck on him lips.

Shubman nodded and although he said about not preparing ishan, he still used his fingers to massage around Ishan's hole to loosen the muscles a bit.

After a while he hugged ishan tightly as he slowly start pushing himself inside Ishan, who closed his tightly, digging nails in Shubman's shoulder.

"Ahhh..." Ishan screamed a little in pain as tears rolled down from his closed eyes.

Shubman kissed those tears away before kissing Ishan's whole face to divert his attention from pain, he pressed his lips on Ishan's kissing him softly and gently.

"Is it hurting too much?" Shubman asked.

"A little..." Ishan replied weakly, tried to smile.

He didn't move as he don't want to cause more pain to ishan, so he gave him as much as time other need to adjust while he was busy kissing ishan to reduce the pain.

"You..c-can move now..." After a while ishan said while looking at shubman.

Shubman then slowly start moving inside Ishan, not going to rough in start. After few minutes his thrusts picked up the pace, thrusting fastly inside Ishan's hole, making ishan moan like crazy.

"Shit- you feels too good baby..." Shubman groaned as Ishan's warm insides clenched tightly around his member.

Ishan pulled shubman more close to himself and wrapped himself completely on him as his body rocked back and forth because of Shubman's hard and aggressive thrusts.

"Ahh...shub...ah-ngh.." Ishan keep moaning helplessly as shubman penetrate deep inside his hole.

Shubman's nail digged in Ishan's waist as he gripped tightly on it while thrusting in a inhuman speed. Whole room was filled with their heavy breathing and smell of sweat and sex.

"Shub...I can't.. Can't take it anymore..i'm cumming.." Ishan said between his moans.

"Let's cum together baby..." Shubman said in his ear while increasing the speed of thrusting.

It only took few more thrust before shubman cummed inside ishan while ishan, on his stomach. Ishan can feel the warmth of Shubman's hot cum inside himself.

Shubman fall over ishan, laying on him as both of them start catching there breath after their make love session.

"No matter how many times i make love to you...it still feels like first time..." Shubman commented once his breathing stabilized.

Ishan hummed as he is feeling tired, shubman then get up and cleaned ishan and himself before cuddling to each other, still naked under the sheets.

Shubman was playing with Ishan's fingers as other was snuggling to his wide and hard chest.

"Ish...do you believe in destiny?" Out of nowhere shubman asked.

"Not really..." Ishan replied, A little confused by question.

Shubman let out a low laugh before saying,

"Me neither, but i guess now i'm starting to believe in it..."

Ishan put his chin on Shubman's chest and looked at his face.

"And why is that?" He asked curiously.

To which shubman looked deep in Ishan's eyes before gently pinching his chin.

"Because i would have found you...it was the matter ofwhennotif. Because i strongly believe that you were, are and will always be onlyMine to claim..." Shubman replied in deep voice.

"Hmm...i'm always your to Claim.." Ishan replied with a beautiful smile.

Shubman chuckled before pulling ishan for a sweet kiss, who wrapped his arms around shubman and kissed other back.

"It's all started with you and me...but ended withUS..."

_______________________________________

Note :

So here is last chapter of this book.

I'm not good with ending so please don't mind this boring chapter. It's still hard believe that finally this book is ending. I'm very attracted to it as it's my first book.

I would like to thank you all for showing this much love to my book.

And don't forget to share your views on it and please vote for it.

In few days, i'm going back to delhi so after that i will able to update frequently like before.

See you soon with my new book and new chapter.

