It has been a long day ishan feels even though it's only 2 PM but he's felling like he has been practicing for whole day.

"How much more till we end today's practice Ro bhai?" ishan asked rohit with tired and annoyed face sweat dripping from his forehead.

"Just 30 more minutes let's go boys" rohit said with a slightly louder voice even he can't seem to motivate the team today it's been a very tiring day.

"Ishan" called mayank coming towards them entering the field. "Yes?" Ishan asked.

"Someone said shubman is waiting for you in the changing room for past 40 something minutes" mayank informed ishan while ishan's face lit up all that annoyed expression long gone from his face.

Ishan looked at rohit before asking "can i leave early bhai?"

Rohit sighs "you can go ishan I'm letting you go just because you came to practice earlier than everyone okay" ishan smiled thinking 'atleast i got something for coming early to practice today' ishan ran to changing room.

The cold air hit ishan as he entered the changing room drying up all his sweat.

He sees someone coming towards him in a swift motion his hands slips on ishan's shoulder's for a hug ishan feels himself melting into the hug feeling relaxed. This is the best thing that happened to him in past few days ishan thought.

Ishan looked up to match shubman's eyes without breaking the hug "How come you're here shubi you said your practice will start from tomorrow"

"I asked management to book my flight a day early so we could spend some time together the whole team will come tomorrow" shubman replied.

"So have you planned something for today?" Ishan asks while looking into shubman's eyesohh how long it have been since he saw shubman looking at him with those loving eyes.

"I do have it planned we'll have dinner together tonight what you say?" Shubman asks.

"you have it planned then why are you asking now you dumbfuck" ishan replied "just fulfilling the formalities baby" shubman says with a chuckle.

They entered ishan's room which they will be sharing now, they started to get ready for their day out.

"What are you gonna wear?" Shubman asked ishan who just came out of the bathroom after taking a bath.

"of course my blue shirt i asked you to bring you shirt thief" ishan scoffs.

"I'm not a shirt thief you packed it for me yourself" shubman said dumbfounded. "no i did not. You stole it" now comes an angry ishan towards shuman.

Shubman hands land on ishan's shoulders to keep him in place "okay let's not get angry and get ready fast if we start this we're not gonna come to an conclusion whole night" shubman's tries to calm ishan

They make it to their reservations on time it was sushi restaurant shubman knows how much ishan loves sushi he remembered when he tried sushi first time with ishan rishab and krunal bhai.

.........☆☆☆......

Ishan :shubi leave that to eat at the very end it's a dessert *while pointing his chopsticks to green chutney looking thing*

Shubman : dessert? But it looks like some sort of paste like green chutney.

Rishab : no shubman it's a dessert some sushi are very spicy so they give sweets to eat at the end.

Shubman : this dessert is barely a spoonful what restaurants give this less food.

Ishan : 5 star michelin restaurants apparently.

Shubman : why are you putting dessert on your sushi then eating it krunal bhai.

Krunal : i like it that way you got a problem?

Shubman : no no eat it however you want *they all are acting bit suspicious*

When they all finish their sushi.

Ishan : shubi you can eat your dessert now.

Shubman : I'm not very excited about it dosen't look good to me.

Rishab : but it's very delicious and we paid 6000 rupees just for that spoonful you know what i can have in 6000. So you better eat it.

Shubman : alright i will eat.

Ishan picked up the spoon to feed shubman and who he is to say not to ishan. He opened his mouth to eat it first it was just tasting like a hurb little sweat at the beginning but then the spice hit.

Shubman : wtf it's so spicey what did they put in there.

Everyone dying with laughter while looking at shubman's red face.

Ishan : it's wasabi stupid it's suppose to be hot and spicy.

Shubman : YOU SAID IT WAS SWEET...OH GOD MY GUTS ARE BURNING ISHAN GIVE ME SOMETHING TO CALM IT DOWN.

Let's just say that night and the next morning after that night wasn't very pleasant for him.

........☆☆☆........

After their dinner they were waiting for their dessert shubman chuckled while thinking about that night.

"What are you laughing about" ishan asks "just remembered what you did to me when we went to eat sushi for the first time" ishan also laughed while thinking about that night "it was a very funny prank" ishan says "funny to you" shubman replies.

"What should i write in the caption of this picture" shubman asks while showing him a picture they took minutes ago "certified sushi lovers" ishan replied.

Seconds after posting that they starts receiving comments "sushi ka to pta nhi par certified lovers zarur ho" shubman laughs while reading the comment out loud "they think we're lovers" while ishan just chuckled a bit.

After they reached their hotel room "so now Netflix and chill" says shubman while smirking "friends don't do Netflix and chill friends do Netflix and cuddle only" ishan huffs.

"Are you calling me a friend baby?" Shubman asks while making a sad face "i thought i was your bestest friend" shubman says while sulking "of course you're my bestest friend now chose a movie before i plan to fall asleep" ishan replied.

They ended up watching thor ragnarok for the nth time and falling asleep.

........end for today......

.

.

.

.

Author's note:

The sushi prank It's something that had happened in real life.