Third Person's POV:

Shubman Gill, a renowned cricketer, woke up in a hospital bed after suffering an injury, details of which were unknown to everyone. His family and friends were by his side throughout the tough times. A team of elite doctors was there to treat him and get him back in cricket, and although he was out of danger, he didn't wake up until now, weeks after the incident.

When Shubman woke up, he found his surroundings to be strange. The first person he saw was his elder sister, Shahneel. The white walls of the hospital made his vision blurry, and when he tried to speak, his voice betrayed him. It was as if he had forgotten how to speak. The strong smell of medicine and cleaning solution overwhelmed him, and he fell back into the bed with a thud.

This caught Shahneel's attention, and she quickly came over to her brother, holding his hand and pressing the call button with her other hand. Two minutes later, a team of nurses entered the room with concerned expressions, but they visibly relaxed when they saw Shubman looking around with his eyes wide open. "Di, what happened?" he innocently asked Shahneel.

"You got yourself into an accident, Shubi. But don't worry, you will be alright to play again in a few months." "But I have practice sessions; the coach won't take me to the upcoming tournament if I miss those." He said, confusing Shahneel quite a bit. "No..there is just IPL coming up, and I am sure until the end of IPL you will be alright again. I think you can miss one IPL Shubi." Shahneel said sweetly, but her words had left a visible frown on Shubman's forehead. He looked at his sister like she had grown a second head.

"Why would you say that? What IPL?" he asked, confused. Shahneel didn't understand the depth of the situation and left it for the doctors to let her know the reason behind her brother talking nonsense again.

Later, when the doctor came in for an examination, Shahneel brought up the incident from the morning, making the doctor frown too. He had immediately written Shubman a few tests and was waiting for the reports to arrive. "Is it concerning?" Shahneel asked. "I think there might have been some problems with his memory, but since he remembers you, I don't understand the severity of this memory loss." "WHAT?"

A memory loss, Shahneel thought, would make quite an impact on Shubman's career because how the fuck would he play like that? But he does remember me, so it cannot be that bad, right? Her thoughts were cut short when the doctor called her in. "Shubman, what is the last thing that you remember?" The doctor asked Shubman; he frowned at the question and looked at his sister. "Nothing. Can I go to the camp again, please?" he asked them, making them both look at each other. Concerned.

"What camp?" Shahneel asked, grabbing Shubman's attention. "The cricketing camp di. Did you forget?" "Shubi, what year is it?" Shahneel asked him, sensing trouble. "2014?" he answered, shocking both the people present in the room. "No shubi, it is 2024." "WHAT?"

After the incident, the doctor suggested that Shubman should meet people he might not have met until 2014 and bond with them. According to him, this could help bring back his memory. The doctor assured that it was not a permanent memory loss, so there was nothing to worry about. He explained that it could be due to adrenaline blocking certain memories to focus on survival, or it could be due to concussion from the accident, but either way, there was nothing too permanent to worry about.

The doctor also advised that the details of the accident were not to be discussed in front of Shubman too early, before his brain was ready to process them. The next day, his mother and father, who had been in town while Shubman was admitted, came in to meet him. The nurses all treated Shubman like he was some celebrity, and he couldn't process that information. He tried asking his sister about it, but she didn't give him any details at all.

"He hasn't come in for a while now? Did they inform him about Shubman's improvement?" He overheard the nurses outside his door talking about someone he had no idea about. This all seemed very strange to Shubman.

It took him quite some time to process the change in his body after waking up. He didn't remember becoming this muscular or his facial features changing so much. To him, it felt like it was just yesterday that he was about 14 or 15 years old. A ten-year jump in time was a lot to take in.

He watched some videos of himself performing online and couldn't believe that he was playing with people he could only dream about playing with a few years ago. This new information made him very happy, but he couldn't shake the feeling of missing out on something. He felt the need to meet someone, but he didn't know who this someone was.

The days passed by in a blur, and suddenly a week had gone by since he had woken up. His family had decided to keep this information a secret and only inform people about his awakening after returning home. This was a precaution to avoid any potential stalkers or paparazzi. Even people from cricket and Shubman's closest friends were not informed about his waking up.

"Ishan? Shouldn't we tell him?" Shahneel asked her father one evening. He looked at her, shocked. "You didn't tell him? I thought that you did." "No, you said that you didn't want anyone to know just yet." "Well, stupid girl, that obviously didn't include Ishan." Shubman looked at his father with raised eyebrows. He had no idea who they were talking about or why he was so special, but he figured out that he must have been someone important.

"Why didn't he come in these past few days though?" His father asked Shahneel. "Well, he came in just a day before Shubman woke up, and he was supposed to be going in for some tour after that; he refused obviously, but I forced him to go. I didn't want to tell him also because then he would just return in the middle of it all." "Right. So, on second thought, let him just complete his work. Don't tell him." "Alright then, I will go inform Pallavi Di about it," Shahneel said and left the room.

Her father left behind her to get some medicines from the pharmacy, leaving behind a very confused and concerned Shubman. He tried to pressure his brain and think about any Ishan that he might be close enough to for his family to be talking about like that, but he seemed to have recalled no one as such. He gave up thinking after some time.

After that encounter, the Ishan guy was not mentioned again in front of Shubman, and he didn't think about the incident anymore either. It had been a little over a week since Shubman had woken up, and he was ruled fit enough to continue his physiotherapy in the comfort of his home. And so, he was discharged from the hospital.

The watchful gaze of people didn't bother him as much as it used to, and he was now preparing himself to enter a world that had nothing to do with the Shubman he had woken up as. Thinking about the difficulties that he might have to face in the future churned his stomach, but looking at his family, he thought that no matter how much time it would take, everything would eventually be alright again.

While his family was standing at the reception, completing the formalities for the discharge, Shubman was busy thinking about things again. He was brought back to the reality of everything when someone mentioned the date today. "It is 18th July, isn't it?" he heard and immediately looked in the direction.

This sudden move of his seemed to have alerted his family, and they looked at him concerned. "What is wrong, Shubi?" his mother asked in that sweet tone of hers. "18th July?" Shubman asked her. She frowned, but then she seemed to have remembered something and immediately looked at her husband. Shahneel was also looking at Shubman with wide eyes.

"Do you remember something?" she asked him, looking hopeful, "No. It's just that. Isn't it some special day? There is something today, right?" "You think there is something special on 18th July?" Shahneel asked him softly, as if she were speaking to a toddler. "There isn't?" Shubman asked, feeling embarrassed, but he could have sworn that there was something special today.

Although he didn't know what it was, he knew that it wasn't a day to be forgotten easily; it was as if the date was printed at the back of his brain and initiated instant reactions from him. Shahneel was still looking at him with soft eyes that he didn't know the meaning of. "Why?" he asked his sister, but she just smiled in return and said, "It is actually someone's birthday, Shubi. Someone that you know."

He tried asking her about who this person was and why his birthday was so important that he remembered it even after he had forgotten almost everything else. He also thought about the possibility that it wasn't special because it was someone's birthday, but maybe there was something else entirely. But his heart was firm with the truth that his sister provided but refused to elaborate on. Every time he tried asking her about it, she would just smile and shake her head.

It was all too new for Shubman, and he still hadn't entered his forgotten world yet. It would be a long journey, he thought.