Ishan woke up by the sound of alarm going off for the 3rd time. He searched for his phone on bed with eyes closed, when he finally found his phone he opened his eyes to see time it was 8AM that means they only have 30 minute to get ready for today's practice.

"Wake up shubi we're getting late" ishan shouts shaking shubman's body.

"5 more minutes bro please" shubman says with his deep husky voice trying to get more sleep.

"FUCKING WAKE UP THIS INSTANT SHUBMAN GILL OR I'LL LOOSE MY TEMPER AND THROW SOME WATER ON YOU I DON'T EVEN CARE IF THE BED GETS WET" ishan shouts getting out of the bed walking towards the bathroom.

"Okay okay no water I'm getting up" shubman said whining. "Yeah get up and take some clothes out from your bag for both of us I'll be done in 5 minutes" ishan says as he enters the bathroom.

"What? clothes for both of us from my bag?" Shubman said slightly confused "wait bitch I'm not giving you my clothes to wear after all that shouting and threatening" shubman shouts at bathroom door that is now closed.

"You want to fight early morning?" Ishan shouts back from behind closed door "no i don't want to fight you started it" shubman replied "then take something out for me from your bag without whining" ishan says.

..........☆☆☆.......

When they made it to the dinning area most of the players were present from both teams, they both made their way to table ishan went and hug hardik.

"It's been so long bhai" ishan said breaking the hug smiling widely at hardik"How are you doing ishu?" Hardik asked ruffling ishan's hair.

Shubman just stand there silently listening to hardik and ishan talk for more than 10 minutes without acknowledging his presence "I'm hungry guys" shubman finally said they both looked at him.

"Ohh yeah let's sit and eat" ishan says as he's about to sit next to hardik "let's go sit there" shubman says stopping him and pointing at the opposite 2 chairs that are empty.

"But I wanna sit next to hardik bhai" ishan says "why?" Shubman asks "it's been so long since i last met him we have so much to catch up" ishan said.

"Then were I'm gonna sit?" Shubman said slightly surprised as the chair next to ishan wasn't empty "you can sit there" ishan points at chairs shubman wanted to sit on before.

"But we also met after so long we have to catch things up too" shubman said now getting annoyed "oh come on shubu we talk for hours on calls what is there to catch up if there's something we can talk about it after breakfast" ishan said but shubman did not leave to sit on opposite chair.

Rather he moves to the seat next to ishan's where tilak was sitting waiting for his food "hey tilak could you please sit on some other chair i wanna sit here" shubman said to tilak.

"Why?" Tilak asks shubman "because i wanna sit here?" Shubman replied "yeah but why you want to sit here" tilak questions again "because i wanna sit next to ishan" shubman replied now getting annoyed.

"What if i don't wanna move" tilak asks "hey I'm older than you you'll have to listen to me....please" shubman says "the misuse of power I'm moving but you own me this one right" tilak said getting up "right" shubman says and taking the seat.

"Ohh who did you move to sit here" ishan asked looking at shubman's direction "someone" shubman replied.

"The tshirt is looking good on you ishu" hardik said "of course it's mine" shubman says from behind "you two share all your clothes do you even know which clothes belongs to whom?" Hardik asked laughing.

"at this point we have no idea actually" ishan said joining hardik as he starts to laugh also.

.........☆☆☆.......

After their practice shubman went to meet ishan on field but the whole Mumbai Indians team was present thereShubman starts to greet while shaking hands with everyone.

When he hold nehal wadhera's hand ishan was standing right by their side.

"OYE OPPONENT HAI!" ishan shouted when shubman didn't let go of nehal's hand after 2 seconds ishan came and take their hands apart everyone making everyone laugh.

"Bas hamare opponent hai?? Tera nhi hai?" Nehal asked.

"Jealous to ese hote hai jese date kar rahe ho dono" tilak said from behind.

"What if we're dating for real who knows?" Shubman replied everyone started laughing again but ishan was smiling with tiny blush on his cheeks.

"Thabhi mujhe subha seat change karne ko bola boyfriend ke sath bethne ke liye" tilak says with annoyed face.

"Acha tujhe hata kar teri jagha par betha tha ye" ishan said looking at tilak trying to make that blush from his face go away.

"Bhai tere side mai hi to betha tha mai tujhe kese nhi pta chala?" Asked tilak.

"Wo mai hardik bhai se baate kar raha tha na" ishan replied now shubman looked annoyed.

"Shubman bhai hamse nhi hardik bhai se jealous ho tere boyfriend ko ishu baby ishu baby bol bol kar kab le jaege pta nhi lagega" tilak says laughing.

"Yaar hardik bhai is like my brother" ishan said frowning.

"Shubman ke time par to nhi boltashubman is like my brother"tilak said.

Ishan looked kinda embarrassed when shubman comes towards him and said "I'm not like his brother because I'm his best friend"

"Let's go to the changing room" ishan said "Let's spend this limited time we have together" shubman says looking at ishan moving his hand in front of them ishan grabbed his hand they left the field holding hands.

"Do we have a plan for today?" Ishan asks "no we can just play video games in our room we have a match tomorrow don't you remember ish?" Shubman looked at him and said as they're walking towards their room.

"Huh our room when did it become our room? It's my room and you're just staying there" ishan said mockingly.

"Ab kya tera kya mera yaar jo bhi hai hamar hai" shubman said showing his bright dimple smile ishan's heart skipped a beat or two.

"Ha ha chal ab dimple andar kar ye" ishan says opening the door.

..........end for today.........