•SHUBMAN GILL•

I would have been munching on choco pies and watching Netflix or playing FIFA if only I haven't opened my mouth and said something which I was not supposed to say, If only my mouth have co-operated with my brain .

But Alas! here I am regretting those words and now I am inDEEPtrouble.

"Where is he? it's already half an hour, Is he coming or not?" My mom said giving me a pointed look.

The'he'in question is my non-existent boyfriend. Confused enough?

Well Let me first introduce myself, So hello people, I am Shubman Gill, 25 and A member of Indian cricket team. And also I am bi- YES I am bisexual, andonlymy family knows this. When I was 20 my sister, sheen outed me to my family including myself, Yup, you heard that right my sister outed me toME. Because she is my sister and she knows everything, apparently.

My family members especially my mom keep nagging at me to get into a relationship. According to her being 25 means you are one step away from being un-date-ble. I get her lectures atleast 3 times a week, she said'You are 25 now, isn't it easy to find a partner when you are a bi?'. Who is going to tell her that being bi doesn't mean that you are attracted to every other person of your age.

Two days ago was one such day when I was being graced by her words that how important is to have a partner or to have someone who care for you and supports you, blah blah blah. She was saying it almost angrily. And God knows what posses me when I said "mom I do have a boyfriend".That was so sudden that along with my mom I was also not able to believe what I said.

And when she asked for 'his' name I said "ummm..well it's a surprise" yeah a suprise for me too.

So here I am in a resturant sitting with my family and waiting for my 'boyfriend' because my family wanted to meet 'him'

If only I have said that I have a girlfriend it would have been so easy to fake some girl as my girlfriend. But a boyfriend? Where do I search for a boyfriend? more precisely afakeboyfriend.

"He messaged me that he is stuck in traffic, it will take some time" I lied.

My sister gave me a look which basically said: 'I can see through your bullshit.'

I reall don't know what to do, I am feeling guilty to see the excitement on my mom's face. I just cannot say : 'Aprilfool guys, I have no boyfriend'

But I could say that 'he' will not be able to make it here today because of some urgent work. Right, this is the only option I have right now and it will also give me some time to think about what to do next, either tell them that I lied or present someone as my boyfriend.

We were sitting in the outer setting of the restaurant. "I am calling him" I said grabbing my phone from the table, and starts walking toward the inside of the restaurant. "But phone signals are suppose to come outside not inside" sheen said arching an eyebrow. I ingnored her and kept walking towards the restaurant to use the Restroom and to calm my self.

When I reached inside, a cricket fan recognised me, "Shubman Gill? Oh my god, I can't believe I am meeting you right now" the fan says excitedly. "Can I take a selfie with you?"After the selfie(s) were done, the fan says, "All the best for your upcoming matches, I know you'll rock as always" the enthusiasm in his voice is contagious. "Thank you so much" I say trying to match his enthusiasm.

After he left, someone catches my  attention, A familiar face. I walked a few step to see that person clearly. Yes it's him Ishan. Ishan Kishan, my fellow team mate.

~~~