The following day, as Shahneel had predicted, Ishan's parents along with his brother and sister-in-law visited Shubman's place. His family had been preparing for their arrival since the day before. Just when Shubman thought he had seen everything, he was surprised to see his sister making a special effort to welcome the guests. He wondered if she was okay.

Shubman sat on the living room sofa and watched his family bustling around the house doing chores. The doorbell rang twice, but no one paid any attention. After exchanging glances with his family, Shubman reluctantly got up to open the door. When he did, he found Ishan standing there. Their eyes met, and Ishan smiled, leaving Shubman momentarily breathless.

Shubman hadn't seen Ishan up close yesterday and now he regretted being the one to open the door. He was stuck on the spot and really wanted to step aside to let Ishan inside, but his feet just wouldn't move. Shahneel fed up with her brother's antics, pushed Shubman aside and asked Ishan to come in.

Ishan entered the house and gave Shubman a heartwarming smile. He smiled back, but that made Ishan's eyes look sad for some reason. Shubman wanted to ask Ishan about it, but Ishan was pulled into a conversation by his father. Shubman realized that Ishan's family would be here until noon. After a good 30 minutes, Ishan was left unattended just like Shubman, and Shubman's family restarted whatever shenanigans they were doing before.

"Hello. I couldn't speak with you yesterday. It seems like we know each other very well," Shubman tried to start a conversation. There was a shine in Ishan's eyes when he saw Shubman initiating a conversation with him, and Shubman felt this urgent need to protect that shine forever. "We do, actually. We were best friends." The use of 'were' bothered Shubman a bit too much. Why was everyone hell-bent on using the past tense?

"Aren't we still best friends?" he asked, making Ishan smile sweetly at him. "Yes, Shubi, we still are best friends. It's just that I didn't know if you would still want to be my best friend. Sorry." Shubman wanted to punch himself for any reason why Ishan would be thinking like that. "I am sure I would always want you to be my best friend, Ishan. My family doesn't act like this with any of my friends. You have to be someone special."

Was that a blush on Ishan's cheeks? Shubman thought that it was the most adorable thing in the world. He was going to say something when the doorbell rang, interrupting their blissful bubble. When his sister opened the door, it revealed four people and a toddler. This was presumably Ishan's family.

Shubman got up to greet them when the toddler ran towards him, smiling happily. That smile reminded him of Ishan a bit too much. "Shubman chachuuu." And with that, he jumped into Shubman's arms. Shubman caught him but looked at his sister, searching for answers. "He is Viraj, Raj Bhaiya's son," Ishan added helpfully. "Viraj, come to Chachu, come on," Ishan tried to take Viraj from Shubman, but that child just refused to budge. Shubman just smiled at the gesture. He was practically clinging to Shubman for dear life while Ishan was struggling.

"No, it's fine. Let him be," Shubman said while he went towards Ishan's family. With Viraj still in his arms, Shubman bent down to touch the feet of Ishan's parents and take blessings from them. They weren't shocked at this gesture one bit. It seemed like he did so often enough for them to not be surprised anymore. "Kaisa hai beta?" his mother asked Shubman. He just smiled at her and nodded his head.

They were all soon settled in the living room, and the air was lively again. Shubman was just looking around, happy about having such amazing people in his life. Ishan was still trying to get Viraj off Shuman, but that child was too stubborn. "Shubman Chachu, when will you revisit our house?" he asked, looking too innocent. "He won't visit if you don't get off of him this instant, Viraj," Ishan said getting frustrated by the situation. How can he be losing against a fucking child?

"I will visit soon." And then he said something in Viraj's ear that made him give Ishan a look and laugh. Ishan was glaring at Shubman when Pallavi came by and ripped Viraj off of Shubman and passed him a smile. "Abhi toh leave hogi na?" she asked him politely. "Haan, abhi leave hai. I don't know if I can return to cricket or not, though." "Of course, you will return," Ishan added almost instantly.

That made Pallavi and Shubman both look at him. Shubman was surprised, but Pallavi was looking at him lovingly. There was so much love in her eyes that Shubman felt it radiate through her. He, for some reason, was glad that Ishan had such loving people around him.

They all had lunch together, followed by a lot of family time. Looking at them, Shubman realized that it was not only him and Ishan who were close, but their families were close too. They all seemed too sweet. Ishan's mother had brought Shubman some dishes that he used to like. When Shubman tasted the food after they had left, he realized just why he liked it so much. It was delicious, and under no circumstance would he share it with anyone.

Days after that meeting went by in a blur for Shubman. He had nothing to do and nothing interesting to be looking forward to. He was treated like a sick person, and he was bored by all the activities that he so often did. His diet had just started, and his mood had become too easy to spoil because of it. What would a man do if not eat good food? The only guests that they had over these days were the doctors that Shubman despised so much.

Today though, Shubman felt like there was something to be looking forward to. He had woken up fresh to continue his daily routine half-heartedly, but life had different plans for him today. The moment he went downstairs, instead of coming face to face with his doctors, who had no interest in him, he came face to face with Ishan. He was pleasantly surprised. A bit too surprised.

So much so that he almost fell face-first in front of him but gathered himself up before embarrassing himself. But that was not all. When his attention was not on Ishan and only Ishan anymore, he realized that there were a lot more people in his living room today. When he looked closely, they were all the people he played cricket with. Some of them were easily recognizable, some it took him time to recognize (he had just seen them in the videos online).

His eyes roamed the room, trying to search for someone. He hurried towards him when he finally found him. "hello sir." Shubman told Virat when he had found his way towards him in the room full of people. Virat just smiled at him sweetly. Shaking his head, he said to no one in particular. "This reminds me so much of the Shubman that I first met." "Well.. this shubman is meeting his favorite idol for the first time too," Rohit said, smiling at Shubman and his never-ending love for Virat.

"Hello, dear Shubman, How are you doing?" Virat asked Shubman, messing with his hair adoringly. "I still can't believe that I play along with you." That sentence just slipped up, and when Shubman realized what he had said, he immediately clapped his mouth shut. This gesture made everyone in the room laugh. "Shubi Darling looks so innocent. It is making me want to vomit." Rishabh said, making Shubman glare at him.

"Well, the shubman ten years ago was innocent indeed, wasn't he?" Ishan added, his eyes shining. "true true." Someone agreed with him. "I still can't believe that he just lost his memories," Hardik added, looking horrified at the thought. And they all looked like they shared that thought. "I am sure that they will come back, and even if they don't, we can make more memories together. And make sure that they stay." Ishan said, calming the mood.

That sentence of Ishan made Shubman look at him. The look in Shubman's eyes was unreadable though, so Ishan just smiled at him. Shubman didn't reciprocate that smile. He looked like he was thinking about something; Shubman was pulled out of his thoughts when he heard some commotion around him and realized that everyone had scattered over in his house and was now busy doing something too unimportant.

They had all stayed with Shubman until the nightfall. They spoke about all the stupid stuff that Shubman had done, and Shubman was left rethinking his life choices during all of these. Even if they were a bunch of crackheads that liked to humiliate him, he still felt like all of his efforts were worth it after all. He got to play and spend the majority of his life with such amazing people, and it all felt too much like a dream to him.

"It's all true, Shubi; you've made it." He looked at Ishan, who was already looking at him. Ishan knew him a bit too well; Shubman realized. He finally knew why Ishan was his best friend. He understood him without him having to use words at all. He saw ishan smiling at him and Shubman returned his smile. And when their gaze was held, the world was sidelined for a moment.

After that moment, Shubman felt his gaze returning to Ishan, no matter what he was doing or whom he was talking to. He had no idea why though, and when he looked at Rishabh Again, whom he was currently having a conversation with, he saw him smirking at him. That smirk held the same meaning as the smirk of his sister, but he knew the interpretation of none of those smirks, and he was going to ask Rishabh about it but decided against it.

He enjoyed the day with his seemingly teammates a bit too much, and he instantly clicked with them. Maybe because he had subconsciously known them for quite some time now.