•SHUBMAN GILL•

He was sitting by the far end of the restaurant, it looks like he was waiting for someone as the other chair was empty.

But what was he doing here?

It's been a few months since I started playing for India, The team was nothing but welcoming towards me, Seniors treat me like their little brother, but I am still not that close with every member of the team and Ishan Kishan is one of them.

He got selected in ICT even before me. We haven't played too many games together, but the ones we played, we had great partnership of runs together. I really like his playing style.

He seems like a fun loving person, Whenever I had any interaction with him,which are very few, He always tried to make me comfortable as I am not very great at mingling with people.

My chain of thoughts got broken when he too noticed me and waved towards me, I glanced outside where my family was sitting then walk towards him.

"Hi Shubman" he gestured me to sit.

"Hello, What are you doing here?"OhGREAT, my communication skills just died a hundred deaths, because why on earth my first question is 'What are you doing here?'as if I own this place and he is not allowed to come here.

"I was waiting for my friend and seems like he ain't coming" He answered with a smile not minding the sheer rudeness of my question.

He asked "Are you here with someone",

"Yup, with my family" I said pointing outside where they were sitting.

"Don't mind me asking this but don't you live in Mumbai? If I am not mistaken. So you here in Delhi?" I asked, carefully putting my words to not to sound rude.

"Yeah, I live in mumbai but for the time being I am living with my brother here in Delhi" He answered politely.

"Oh okay" I said not knowing what else to say and then "wanna come say Hi to my family?"

"Yeah, sure. Why not?" Without any hesitation, he stands up. If I were in his place, I would have made some excuses not to meet his family. Don't get me wrong, I just get anxious when meeting new people, and I forget how to behave. But that's not the case here. Ishan seems very chill about it.

As we were stepping outside, an idea struck my mind. "Ishan, wait," I said, pulling his hand gently to stop him. I withdrew immediately, questioning myself,Can I not keep my hand to myself?Nevermind.

"Huh?" He looked at me perplexed.

"I need your help" I said pleadingly.

"Help as in?" I gestured him to sit. He was confused but obeyed me anyway.

He was looking at me and waiting for me to speak, and I don't know where to start and I was second guessing myself.

"Um, actually..."Will he understand my situation, or would he make fun of me because of the kind of mess I've made? Or would he deny to help me? Should I tell him or not?I thought.

Aarrhhhh Chuck the overthinking, I took a long sharp breath "Can you please  pretend to be my boyfriend infront of my family?" finally I omitted the words. OKAY THIS ISEMBARASSING.

"Sorry?" His eyebrows knit together, either he didn't heard me or  didn't believe what he heard, probably it's the later.

"Actually I lied to my family that I have a boyfriend, and now they wanted to meet him, can you please be my fake boyfriend for a day?" I wait for him to laugh on my situation "And you just have to pretend for now only."

He managed to say, "But I am straight"

Did I ask ?"So am I"I am lying, but why? Bas aise hi mann tha mera.

Now he was even more confused. he opened his mouth to say something but I cut him off  "The thing is my family is waiting outside for my 'boyfriend'to arrive, and I need someone to pretend as my boyfriend, So Can you please....."I said leaving out thestraight which-I-Am-Notpart.

"I don't have the guts to tell them that I lied" I said making a very innocent face.

I can bet on my sunglasses that he is trying so hard to supress his laugh. O God please let this earth swallow my existence. This is so embarrassing, asking your team mate to be your fake boyfriend, I have seen better days.

After a long nerve wrecking pause he spoke "Well, I don't find any problem with Pretending to be your boyfriend just to put a show infront of your family but......"

But what?

".......won't they find it suspicious that you are dating you team mate and you kept it a secret from them?" He completed his sentence.

Nice question but I have the answer hehe.

"No it won't be because when mom asked me about my boyfriend's name, I said it's a suprise. So me dating you would make a lot more sense to them then me dating any other random person"

"Ohh, perfect... feels like the childhood dream I had of becoming an actor is going to be fulfilled" He said with a playful grin.

His words put a genuine smile on my face because thank fuck, he is finally going to help me and I couldn't be more grateful.

"Thank you so much Ishan"

I told him to make his entry two minutes after me so they don't find it suspicious. As I walk back to where my family was sitting I told them, "He is going to be here any moment."

Exact two minutes later, Ishan came into view, I waved at him Pretending as if I wasn't coaxing him to be my fake boyfriend a few minutes ago inside the restaurant.

Standing up I put a bright smile on my face "Meet my boyfriend" damn, Why I was being so cheesy?Both Mom and Sheen looked at him with a confused look, before mom could say anything, Ishan bend down to touch her feet.

Well nice starting, full points for the sanskars, mom must be impressed as she smiled and said "Ishan? Hain na". Yeah she recognised him.

"Ji aunty" replied Ishan.

We both sat down side by side, Sheen was giving us a perplexed look. I thought she was still not buying the drama.

"Ishan Kishan right? You are Shubman's teammate" Sheen interrogated.

"Yes di" said Ishan maintaing a smiling face.

Meanwhile my mom was busy admiring Ishan, By the looks that she was giving both of us I could bet on my watch that she was planning our marriage in her head for sure.

"When did you two start dating" Now I know for sure that Sheen knew something is fishy that's the reason she was being this interrogative.

"Like a week ago" I said nonchalantly.

"And how exactly this started?"What? I was not prepared for this questioning session, When I didn't say anything, her eyes darted towards Ishan.Please god save us I promise I will never lie to anyone, please save us from this mess.

Under the table, Ishan gently placed the palm of his hand on my kneecap as I was shaking my leg vigorously.

Then he starts speaking.

~~~