Today they have to play against each other not like it's the first time they have won and lost against each other it's always that bitter sweet feeling seeing your best friend getting out seeing him down feeling sad ishan can't help but feel sad too whenever shubman doesn't perform good.

But then again he have to consider it they're playing against each other it's good for Mumbai Indians if shubman doesn't perform good.

Ishan was having those thoughts in his head as he was changing into his Mumbai Indians Jersey.

"Mumbai Indians won by 27 runs"

After the match ended shubman was looking down the sadness was vivid on his face shubman got out just after 6 runs.

Ishan walked towards shubman thinking ways to cheer him up "why are you feeling sad baby it's just an ipl match you can perform better next time and beat our ass" ishan says holding shubman's face.

"I got out at 6 ish just 6. People on internet are gonna troll me for days" shubman says looking down at ishan "we had far more worse days than this meri jaan let's move past this one too" ishan says now hugging shubman.

Soon they start walking towards changing room shubma held ishan's hand as they walk listening to whatever he was saying in excitement.

tilak was walking right behind them he hit ishan with his cap to get his attention nor ishan neither shubman looked at him both of them deep into their talk 'huh young love' tilak thought and let them walk ahead.

.........☆☆☆.......

Soon the ipl was over CSK won the trophy this year and World Cup squad got announced.

Ishan wasn't in playing XI but atleast he was in World Cup he wasn't feeling sad after all. His phone started ringing on screen it was "Meri jaan ❤" calling ishan answered the call instantly.

"Why do you always call texting exists" ishan says with mocking tone "text karunga to tere awaz kese sun ne ko milegi" shubman said ishan can see him grinning through the screen even though he can't see him.

"How are you feeling ish we're in WC squad we're gonna be together for whole month and when we win the WC we'll go party for a whole week straight I'll take you to dubai or we can go there with whole team" shubman says excitingly.

"Yeah it's gonna be fun" ishan says not sounding as excited as shubman "when you're there it's always fun ish I'm so grateful you're in team" shubman says in gentle voice "it's fun because we are together not all because of me" ishan says smiling.

They talked for an hour before shubman excused himself saying he have to be somewhere in 30 minutes they end the call saying bye to each other.

Ishan was now getting bored alone in his mumbai apartment he texted mayank.

Ishan

where are you??

MayankJust about to leave stadium

Ishan

Come over

MayankWhy?

Ishan

Sale tujhe aane ke liye ab wajha chaiye?

Mayank

Don't get mad sweetheart I'm coming

Will be there in 20 minutes

........☆☆☆........

After 20 minutes ishan heard a bell ring he got up to open the door expecting mayank but when he opened the door he sees shubman standing there.

"How come you're here didn't you had somewhere else to go?" Ishan says looking surprised.

"Oh i did. Got rain checked" shubman entered the apartment saying that.

Mayank also came before ishan could close the door "oh why are you here" shubman asks mayank.

"Ishu invited he was getting bored alone didn't knew you were also coming" mayank replied.

"Why didn't you call me to cove over?" shubman asks looking betrayed as they walk into the living room.

"Weren't you going somewhere already" ishan says sitting on the couch mayank aslo came and sit next to him.

"Where were you going though you're all dressed up" ishan questions.

"had some plans with sara but then she rain checked me saying she have something important to do" shubman says in a low voice.

"Are bhai kitni baar katwaega us se. Nhi lagti wo tere mai interest kisi or ko dhundh" ishan says mockingly.

"But i have a crush on her for year I'm not giving up on hope" he says walking towards the kitchen to get himself some snacks.

"I think ab tujhe bhi koi or dhundh lena chaiye sweetheart you don't even have tiny bit of hope" in a low voice mayank says.

"I'm trying my best" ishan replied to mayank with a flat smile "at this point i think you'll never get over him" mayank says.

"Get over who?" Shubman comes back with a bowl of grapes in his hand.

"Aditi" mayank replied still looking at ishan "aditi? really you guys broke up in 2020" shubman says looking at ishan.

"Ishu is still friends with her maybe he needs to distance himself from her a bit to really move on" mayank says looking at shubman but looking back at Ishan before finishing the sentence.

"So what we were going to do?" Mayank asks after some seconds of silence trying to change the topic "i don't know maybe watch some movies or something" ishan says shrugging his shoulders.

"Watch movie?? Sale merko yaha movie ke liye bulaya hai wo to akele bhi dekh sakta tha" mayank says now angry shouting.

"You can leave if you want to" shubman mutters.

"Ab aa hi gaya hu to dekh luga movie bhi" mayank says now in a low voice "chal muh mat bana I'll order whatever you want" ishan says trying to cheer him up.

........☆☆☆.......

Mayank left at around 2AM after they all were done eating and watching movies.

"Drive safe babe" ishan says in a sweet voice "when did he become your babe??" Shubman asks from behind.

"Come on I'm just trying to be cheesey he gets off when i do that" ishan says looking back at shubman.

"See you later sweetheart" mayank hugs ishan before leaving.

"When are you going home" ishan comes and sits next to shubman on the couch.

"I don't want to leave" shubman says putting his head on ishan's thighs.

"Why?" Ishan asks looking down to meet shubman's eyes.

"Am i not allowed to stay over?" Shubman says taking ishan's hand and placing it on his head indicating him to massage his head ishan starts moving his fingers through shubman's hair his eye starts to close slowly.

...............end for today..............