Shubman Gill had no business to have gotten this hot in three years. Rishabh sometimes bugged Ishan to watch his interviews with local outlets, but a screen could only do so much justice to his looks.

Ishan felt sick to his stomach. Why washehere?

“I'd been hoping to run into you for months now,” Abhishek spoke first, interrupting Ishan’s internal monologue. Ishan watched as his old friend approached him. Meanwhile, Shubman remained standing there, leaning against a pole with a smile that only served to irritate Ishan more.

“This is gold,” Rishabh mused and Surya elbowed him. Mayank looked over at Ishan with concern. He prayed for his best friend to not give into his impulse.

“What are you doing here?” Ishan asked quietly.

Abhishek’s eyes softened. “Not even a hello?”

Ishan didn’t reply, he glanced at Shubman before turning back to Abhishek. “What ishedoing here, Abhi?”

Abhishek bit down a smile, he thought he’d never hear the nickname again in that voice. He promptly ignored Ishan’s question and took him in a hug. It hurt a little when Ishan stiffened but he pulled back with an unwavering smile.

“I go here, you know,” he said.

“Go where?”

“Here, atSummit.”

So that was what the chess guy was getting to. Ishan frowned. “I haven’t seen you around.”

“Of course, I bunked half of my classes last semester. And the campus is fairly big so it’s not a surprise, is it?”

Ishan wondered if the gods had a twisted sense of humour.

“Why did you leaveMeridian?” he asked, not ready to entertain the sudden friendliness.

“Ironic for you to be saying that.” Shubman finally said, striding towards them. His voice grew deeper, Ishan noticed.

“I never joined.” Ishan made sure to keep his tone devoid of any emotion.

“Right, you never even joined.” Shubman’s voice didn’t sound as condescending as Ishan’s brain made it out to be. “I wonder why?”

“Oh, he’s asking for it,” Rishabh whispered to Surya and got elbowed again.

Ishan scoffed, reluctantly shifting his gaze towards the taller guy. Shubman’s eyes flashed with a glint that he couldn’t quite comprehend. Looking at that face for too long stirred an ugly feeling in his stomach.

“Keep wondering,” Ishan said with a sarcastic smile.

“Still feisty,” Shubman mumbled to himself.

“Why were you calling out my name?” Abhishek asked, breaking the tension.

That brought Ishan back to the situation at his hand. The chess guy couldn’t have possibly been suggesting what Ishan thought he was. He stole a glance at the guy, who nodded slowly. It was a bad idea. Terrible, even.  He looked at his friends, who appeared as doubtful as himself. Rishabh shot him an expression that said,“Do what you want.”

Ishan inhaled sharply. “I need to have a talk with you,” he said.

“Sweet! Are we going to talk about cricket?” Shubman quipped cheerfully as he slung an arm around Abhishek.

“We,” Ishan forced out through gritted teeth, “are going to talk about cricket.Youare going to fuck off.”

“Cricket without me? Sounds boring.”

Ishan wondered if he’d get in trouble for roundhouse kicking a visitor. Mayank’s best friend senses were tingling all over, he debated if he should intervene yet.

“But I guess that’s how it’s been for you, hasn’t it? Boring. Without a trophy, Without me-”

“I’d say beingMan of the Tournamentevery year is far from boring. Though I guess some trophy winners can’t relate,” Mayank remarked with a wry smile.

Shubman felt his smile falter at the familiar figure. Surya elbowed Rishabhagainbefore he could hoot, as Mayank stood next to Ishan. The latter felt a twinge of relief when the sides were equal. Well, Abhishek wasn’t technically siding with his asshole of a friend but that’s just how Ishan had always felt.

Shubman smirked with a tilt of his head. “He suck your cock good?”

“That’s it,” Ishan merely muttered before he found himself harshly tugging at Shubman’s collar.

Surya reacted first, rushing closer to the group. “Woah, woah, Ish. We’ve got the league coming up, don’t get us in trouble!”

Ishan couldn’t see anything apart from the smug look on Shubman’s face and boy, did he want to punch it off?

“You never change, do you?” Shubman let out a grunt as Ishan pushed him against the wall. “Putting others at stake to satisfy your ego. Selfish-”

Ishan was dangerously close to knocking  the guy’s teeth out. Before he really ended up doing that, he headbutted Shubman, hard. The groan that followed from the latter was loud enough to draw Shastri out of his nearby office.

“Ishan! What the hell?”

Ishan knew he was in some shit because Coach never called him by his name unless he was really mad.

“I thought you were supposed to find players, not find ways to assault opponents.”

“Assault is an exaggeration,” Ishan argued.

“Ahhh,” Shubman let out a deliberate moan of pain. “It hurts so much.”Abhishek rolled his eyes as he pressed the ice pack on his friend’s forehead.

Ishan blinked. “I swear this guy had a record of taking seven headbutts in a row in school,” he tried to defend himself when Coach shot him a pointed look. He ignored the subtle widening of Shubman’s eyes.

Shastri sighed. “I apologize on the behalf of my student.”

Shubman winced. “Gee, you don’t have to. Though I’d appreciate it if theassaulterdid.’

Ishan swallowed a dozen curses. “Sorry,” he mumbled, fighting every shred of bloodlust in him.

But of course the absolute prick of a human leaned in with a smile. “Hm? I didn’t quite get that.”

Ishan felt his ears heat up as he saw Abhishek giving a sympathetic look. It was for an odd second that he was whisked back from Shastri’s office to his school infirmary, where he could practically hear the school nurse scolding him while tending to Shubman’s third injury of the week. And there was Abhishek, barely holding back his giggles as they managed to skip yet another History period.

Ishan looked at the boys in front of him. He felt himself grinding his teeth but he forced out a smile at Shubman. “I’m sorry you’re such a delicate little flower.”

Shubman blinked as Ishan left saying that. He turned to Shastri. “Is he always like…that?”

“Yes,” Shastri observed the reddish blotch on the boy’s forehead, but he did not seem to need the ice pack anymore. “Why are you here, Shubman?”

Shubman pouted. “Weren’t I your favourite student? Don’t talk to me like that.”

Shastri shot him a small smile. “Only because you were cuter back then, and less annoying.”

“Hey!”

Abhishek cleared his throat. “Sorry to interrupt your reunion but I was actually hoping to talk to you about the tournament.”

Shastri quirked an eyebrow. “What about it?”

“I heard you’re short of players?”

“All-rounder and a substitute, yes.”

Abhishek rubbed his neck and glanced at Shubman, who sent him an encouraging nod. “I was thinking of signing myself up, if you allowed.”

Shastri leaned back in his chair with a thoughtful hum. “Sure. I reckon you should talk to Ishan first, though.”

“Is he really the captain?” Shubman asked, his eyes sparkling. “Sorry, I only keep track of the prominent teams.”

“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Shubman. That boy is something,” Shastri remarked.

“Looks like your hat-trick’s in danger,” Abhishek said, nudging his friend playfully.

“Ishan means business.” Shastri assured, idly rotating the miniature globe on his desk. “He is dead set on winning this year.Weare.”

Shubman grinned at his former coach. “Wouldn’t be fun any other way.”

Shubman lingered outside while Abhishek went in for a chat with Ishan. He was about to go in as well, but Ishan’s icy glare stopped him in his tracks. Not that he was scared of the shorty, he just wanted Abhishek to finish up before curfew.

“Long time no see, Prince,” Rishabh said as he sat across from him.

“Rishu,” Shubman muttered softly, a smile playing on his lips. “How are you? Still hitting up rehab?”

“No, not anymore. I’m a new man now!”

“Looks the same to me, Panty,” Shubman teased.

“Oi,” Rishabh chuckled lightly, and Shubman was glad that his laugh hadn’t changed either. “Why are you here, Shub?”

“Why does everyone keep asking me that?” Shubman let out a groan. “Can’t I visit?”

“Sure you can. But you haven’t, in three years.”

“Abhishek wasn’t here then.”

“So you came for Abhi,” Rishabh said with a knowing smile. If it irked Shubman, he didn’t let on. “Right, why’d he transfer?”

“His scholarship got axed.”

“What the fuck did he do?”

“Slept through finals.”

“Classic Abhi,” Rishabh barked out a laugh. “So, he’ll play for us. You don’t mind that?”

Shubman shook his head with a smile. “I don’t need him to win.”

Rishabh felt an odd sense of pride, seeing that their once-meek Shub had grown so confident. The same guy that used to follow Ishan around like a lost puppy, wagging his imaginary tail happily at everything the other said.

“It’s going to be awkward in the team for a while then, I guess,” Rishabh said with a yawn, stretching his arms.

Shubman huffed. “Wouldn’t have to worry about that if you had a competent captain.”

“Shubman,” Rishabh warned.

“Ah, sorry. You’re on his side.”

“There are no sides, Shub.”

When silence dragged on for a minute, Rishabh added, “Let it go.”

“Didhelet it go?” Shubman snapped against his will. He quickly bit his lip, forcing himself to calm down and plaster on a smile. As the lights of the field flickered on, he stood up and cast one last glance at Ishan’s distant figure.

“We were supposed to be on the same side.”

That night, Ishan found himself staying up later than usual, thinking about their practice match next week, what Coach had said, the talk with Abhishek, and unfortunately, about Shubman. The last one settled a heavy feeling on his chest.

Why did he have to show up before the tournament started? Ishan could barely digest glimpses of him on their common match days. It must be his sick way to provoke Ishan, Shubman knew how raw his emotions ran.

“Can you turn it off?” Mayank drawled from the next bed, pointing at the bedside lamp.

“No, I need the light.”

“To glare at the wall?” Mayank snorted. “You can do it in dark. Please turn it off, I’ve got an early lecture tomorrow.”

Ishan sighed. “Why didhecome, Mayank?”

“This is the tenth time you’re asking. I don’t know, fuck, let me sleep.”

“He acted like he stumbled across us, but I bet he's been stalking our stats,” Ishan muttered with a suspicious edge. “I have a feeling he’s going to play dirty this season.”

“What is even your thought process, man.”

Ishan sat up with a small gasp. “What if he sent Abhishek to spy on our team?”

“Yeah,” Mayank scoffed, “because Abhishek’s going to leaveMeridian,spend thousands and get in here tospyon our oh-so-professional team.”

“God, there’s a limit to stooping low.”

“Ishan.”

“It must be Shubman’s plan. He can take it to such an extent. Too bad I’m not a weak motherfucker.”

Mayank muttered out something incoherent as Ishan added, “He’s gotten ruder, if that’s even possible. Treating us like we’re somehow below him. I’m gonna get Siraj to throw bouncers at him, just you wait.”

When there was no applause for his genius idea, Ishan turns with a frown. “Mayu-”

Ishan stared at the sight of his drooling best friend and then slowly switched off the lamp.

He made a mental note to keep an eye on Abhishek.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:sorry about the crumbs of ishman interaction. this is a slow burn so im intentionally focusing on he overall plot. warna likhne ko toh mailikhduabout ishman flirting all day😋🙏