Shubman after meeting the Indian cricket team as his friend was on cloud nine. He was too happy to be asking any more questions to his sister. His medications were going well too. Doctors had advised him to spend more time with people he had presumably forgotten. That would, according to them, help in bringing his memories back. Shubman was too happy to spend time with the cricketers. To the 15-year-old him, it was the opportunity of a lifetime.

"Shubi, ishan ka call tha. Virat Bhai is throwing a party at his place today. He has invited you." His sister had informed him one fine evening, making Shubman's heart do a flip. He was getting invited to Virat Kohli's private party after all. The fan in him couldn't help but be happy.

"Why didn't he call me?" Shubman asked when the rational part of his brain started working again. "Yeah, I asked him that, but he was saying something about you feeling uncomfortable." "Uncomfortable? About?" Shubman asked, confused. I have no idea. "You would need to ask him about it." And with that, his sister went away to do something stupid again.

Shubman had been thinking about Ishan for quite some time now. Technically, he had been thinking about the life that he was living before the accident, and Ishan was unarguably a part of it. Hence, he was thinking about Ishan too. This weighed approach of Ishan had always bothered Shubman somehow. He didn't like the fact that Ishan thought that he would feel uncomfortable if he called him.

He had made up his mind to confront Ishan at this party. Tell him that he had no issues whatsoever. With that thought, he started to get himself ready for the party. The news of the party had a positive impact on his day. He was happy until it was time to leave; now he was anxious. Shubman suddenly realized that he would be meeting so many renowned figures there, and all of them would know him, but he, on the other hand, would not be able to recognize any of them. This thought made him feel anxious.

He had this sudden urge to bang his head somewhere just so he could get his memories back. He felt like he was missing out on so much. He put his coat on cursing the accident when he suddenly realized—right, the accident. What was it about? The doctor told his family to not tell him about it, but he didn't think that they would comply. But they did.

The thoughts in his head were put on hold when Shahneel knocked on his door. "Shubman, are you ready? Ishan is waiting downstairs." Ishan? He didn't say he would be coming? He came to do what? Pick him up? This thought made Shubman's heart do a little flip, and he had no idea why. He gathered his scattered thoughts and went downstairs, where Ishan was sitting waiting for him.

When Shubman saw Ishan from where he was standing upstairs, he looked immersed in a conversation with his mother, and the scene looked so serene that Shubman froze. Ishan was wearing a white shirt and a pair of blue jeans, with a pearl necklace around his neck. Nothing too fancy, yet he looked ethereal. The jeans were just the right fit, and the shirt had a couple of buttons undone at the top, revealing the pearl necklace. The necklace against his tan skin looked too good, and Shubman had to physically slap himself to get back to reality.

'What the fuck is wrong with me?' With that thought, Shubman went downstairs. He noticed his mother turning her head to look at him when she heard him come. He noticed Ishan's smile when their eyes met, but what he didn't notice was his sister's eyes that had mischief in them when she looked at him. Shubman missed the smile that Shahneel had plastered across her face.

He reached down and bent to get his mother's blessings. He was still trying to gather his thoughts that were wandering all around Ishan when Ishan said, "You are looking good in that suit, Shubi." There was a sweet smile on his face when he said that, but suddenly the smile disappeared, followed by an apology. "oh.. shubman. Right, Shubman. Sorry." That sorry had made Shubman's blood boil for some reason.

He grabbed Ishan's hand and left his house with Ishan on his heels. "what's wrong?" Ishan asked in that oh-so-innocent tone of his, "Your constant apologies and aloof nature is what is wrong. Can you not treat me normally? Look, I have no issues if you call me directly instead of calling Shahneel Di. In fact, I would appreciate it very much. Also, I have no issues if you call me Shubi. Can you treat me just like you did before I lost my memories, please?"

Ishan had a pretty smile on his face when he pulled Shubman into a bone-crushing hug. Shubman felt his heart flip again. This time, it was more intense than the last one. The speed at which his heart was beating, there was no way Ishan didn't hear it. "I would like my best friend back, but I didn't want to impose anything on you. I am sorry, and this is the last time I am apologizing for stupid stuff. I promise," Ishan said when he pulled apart from the hug.

Shubman had this urge to pull Ishan right back into that hug they had shared earlier, but he had a feeling that he shouldn't do it. Soon they were settled in the car to go attend the party. "Don't worry too much; all of the people invited have already met you. It is a secret, but Virat Bhai is actually arranging this party to help you regain your memories." Ishan said, smiling.

Ishan was driving them to the destination because Shubman obviously didn't know where to go. The thought of Virat arranging a whole damn party for Shubman had his heart melting. It was so thoughtful of him, but again, what else did he expect from the Virat Kohli? He had always been amazing in Schuman's subconscious, and proving his subconscious right was his part-time hobby.

The ride was silent, but it was not an awkward silence. Shubman was trying his best to not look at Ishan like a creep and scare him away. But he was looking so good that Shubman's eyes seemed to have a mind of their own. They returned to him every chance they got. There was no way Ishan didn't notice him staring, but he was so nonchalant about it that it made Shubman rethink what shit this man was used to putting up with.

They were greeted by Anushka at the gate. Shubman had recently found out that she got married to Virat. 'Not gonna lie, they looked stunning together' was what Shubman thought. "Ohooooo, look who is here. How are you, Shubi?" She pulled him in a hug and asked in the sweetest voice possible. "You brought him in alright?" She turned to Ishan with that. "Well, doesn't he look alright to you?" "He looks scared." "That is because he is standing in front of the Anushka Sharma," Ishan replied mischievously.

"Anushka Sharma Kohli, you mean?" There came Virat with a wide smile and hugged Anushka. He got elbowed in the stomach as a response. "Hello, mere sher, sab thik?" Virat asked Shubman once Anushka was inside the house again. "haa bhai. sab thik."  "Tu toh bada acha lagra hai. Sab ko behosh karne ka irada hai kya?" Virat asked teasingly, and then he turned to Ishan, "Kyun Ishan?"

"Bhai main pehli hi usko compliment de chuka hu." "Obviously, duh." That obviously didn't sit right with either of them. Both Shubman and Ishan looked confused at that. They looked at each other, shrugged their shoulders, and went inside.

They were slowly welcomed by everyone. Some of these people had not come to meet Shubman at his place earlier. And so, they were all busy asking him if he was alright. "Shubiiii, have a drink." It was Hardik who had taken the initiative of bringing alcohol for a patient. Shubman denied it once, but Hardik kept on insisting. Shubman couldn't understand how to interact with him like a normal person without making a complete fool of himself.

Just when he was about to take the drink with a grateful smile, someone else took the drink from Hardik's hand. "Hardik bhai? hospital se aaya hai who. Mana hai usko alcohol." It was Ishan. His tone was fierce. It almost sounded like a scold. "killjoy." Hardik muttered before scattering away.

Just then his eyes met Rishabh's, and he was back smirking at him again. "Why is Rishabh always giving me those looks?" he asked Ishan, who looked over at Rishabh, looking just as confused as him. "I have no idea. Did you do something?" Ishan asked him, to which he nodded in negative. What could have Shubman done in the countable 2 meetings with Rishabh to have the privilege to be receiving looks like that?

"You are looking good, Shubman." Rishabh had scooted over to him sometime earlier and was now initiating a conversation. "Thank you, Bhai. You are looking good yourself." "Well yes, thank you, but Ishan is looking better, isn't he?" Shubman nodded his head subconsciously before giving Rishabh a done look. He had no idea where this sudden topic of Ishan and his good looks was pulled from. But just when he looked at Rishabh, those smirks were back.

Shubman was confused, but he also had a feeling that Rishabh knew something he didn't remember. He wanted to ask Rishabh about it, but he didn't want a confrontation just yet. So, he decided to ignore Rishabh altogether.

Shubman was pulled onto the floor, where he was forced to dance. He loved every second of this party. He had made mental notes on a lot of people today, and he had a feeling that it would be really helpful in the near future. He was currently sitting on the living room sofa when Ishan came to him with a drink.

"What?" Shubman asked him, looking between him and the glass in his hands. "It's juice shubi, did you actually think that I would offer you anything other than that?" Shubman took the glass gratefully. "You drank?" Shubman asked him after a while. "no. I need to drive, remember?" Ishan replied, smiling.