Shubman was sitting next to Abhishek. He never expected to be so relieved to have Abhishek by his side. Honestly, Abhishek was the only familiar person here.

Abhishek, when he entered the room, made his way through the crowd directly towards him. Ishan looked like he was going to introduce Abhishek to Shubman, but Shubman just stared at him and then suddenly pulled Abhishek into a hug. Don't mind him; he was too happy to meet someone he knew.

Abhishek was smiling when they pulled apart. "I never expected our friendship to endure for such a long time." "rightttt. But see, we still are friends, and it's all thanks to me." "Obviously." And Shubman smiled with that. He looked beside him only to find Ishan smiling too. "I guess you are too happy to finally meet someone you remember knowing, right, Shubi?" He chuckled at that.

"Oh, Shubman, meet your new best friend. Ishan." There was that teasing smile on Abhishek's face that Shubman remembers witnessing when he introduced Shubman to some girl he thought was Shubman's type. The reason for the smile in this conversation was still unknown to Shubman. He passed Abhishek a done look and decided to pry no further into the topic.

"I have already met him. I think I now know why he is my best friend and not you." Abhishek raised his eyebrows at that and asked, "Oh. Why so?" "Because Abhi, this is not the first time I have met him after my accident." "Yeah, he has met you before, obviously. We were on a damn tour, okay, and I didn't have his guts to be leaving everything in the middle and running here to meet you." He rolled his eyes at the end, and Shubman smiled at the gesture.

"abhi." Ishan interrupted. "what? You know Shubman's health is the only reason you are not sacked yet, right? Why would you even do that? I swear they should have kept you tied up before telling you about him waking up because, the speed at which you ran, oh my god." "Yeah, because not everybody can be as unbothered as you, right?" Shubman said, raising his eyebrows with a small smile on his face.

The fact of Ishan running in the middle of his work to meet Shubman the moment he got the news of him waking up had always brought a smile on Shubman's face. "unbothered? Trust me, Shubman, everyone was dying to meet you, but, Ishan? Nope, nobody can be compared to him." "Okay enough." Ishan seemed to have run out of patience, and Abhishek instantly glued his mouth shut.

After a few minutes of the faithful conversation that would be keeping Shubman awake tonight, Ishan was called by Rohit for something. Abhishek instantly turned to Shubman and whispered, "He is scary." And then pretended to shiver. 'God, he is just as dramatic, isn't he?' Shubman thought before shaking his head adoringly.

Abhishek then started sharing few of the interesting incidents in his life, and some of them had Shubman in them too. Though he didn't remember any of them, he still listened to them just as enthusiastically. After some time, Rishabh joined in on the conversation, and suddenly both of them shifted to bullying Shubman.

There was some commotion heard at the door, and soon a group of people could be seen entering the house. They seemed to be a family. The man was having a conversation with Virat, and the lady came to greet Anushka. "Who are they?" Shubman turned to Rishabh. "Oh, they are some close friends of Virat Bhai. It seems like they were in town, so Virat Bhai invited them too." "oohkay."

The younger of the two men, who looked just a year older than Shubman, came towards them. "Hi Shubman, how are you?" He asked with a smile on his face. "I am fine, thank you." "I am Karan, by the way; you might not remember me, but we have met before." He said, extending his hand towards Shubman, which Shubman took gratefully.

This Karan guy seemed like a decent person, and Shubman was happy to be meeting new people. "hello. Sorry about my memories." "no no. Please don't worry about it. We were not too familiar anyway. Just get well soon, okay?" And he left with that. "He is better than his sister," Abhishek said after he had left. He received a side eye from Rishabh at that.

"Why?" Shubman asked them. He felt like there was something wrong, and he didn't know what it was. "His sister is too full of herself; that's it." "You just don't like her, Abhi." "Nope, Rishabh bhai, she is too self-obsessed." "She has always been decent in front of us. Spoke politely, and all. I don't know what problem you have with her." "Maybe you just don't like her, Abhi," Shubman added helpfully.

"Ugh, here she comes," Abhishek said, looking straight ahead. A pretty girl wearing a simple black dress that seemed elegant and not too revealing could be seen walking towards them. She looked good, and the aura around her seemed to be that of some celebrity. She walked towards them and extended her hand towards Shubman for a handshake.

"Hello Shubi, How are you doing?" Shubman took the hand in a firm and professional handshake and passed her a small smile. "I am fine." "oh right. I am Meera." She smiled again, and Shubman instantly became awkward. She then started a conversation with Rishabh, and Shubman slowly excused himself from the conversation.

"She doesn't seem that bad," Shubman said once he was near Abhishek again and away from Meera and Rishabh, to which Abhishek just rolled his eyes and went on to refill his glass, leaving Shubman to himself again. Soon Rishabh was done with whatever conversation he was having with Meera, and he returned to his original position beside Shubman.

"What is the dynamic between her and Abhi?" Shubman asked Rishabh once he returned. "Nothing. He is just a hater." "sounds about right." And they both shared a laugh at that. 'Abhishek really could be too much sometimes.' Thought shubman.

Shubman's eyes, just like in the car, were returning to Ishan here too. He was staring too much, he realized when he made eye contact with Rohit for the third time in a row, who was currently having a conversation with Ishan. Rohit smirked at him, took his drink, said something to Ishan, and went away.

Ishan looked at Shubman, and Shubman felt like going back into the coma was the best option right now because the heartache he felt when Ishan looked back at him with that pretty smile of his was not natural at all. They were still looking at each other when Shubman saw Meera approaching Ishan with a smile he didn't like.

Ishan turned to her when she told him something, and soon they got engaged in a conversation. Meera's body language, Shubman realized, had changed completely from when she was talking with him. Now her hands didn't seem to have a control over themselves and were all over Ishan, which to Shubman's distaste, Ishan didn't mind at all.

Her eyes were flirty and her smile stupid. Shubman couldn't see Ishan's facial expressions, but that was good because he didn't want to see them either. Shubman had frowned his eyebrows now, and he didn't even try to hide the fact that he was staring at them anymore. Then he made eye contact with Meera, and as if burned, he instantly looked away. Making an eye contact with Rishabh now, who was also staring at him, smirking.

"Earth to shubman." He said, waving his hands in front of Shubman's face. "What?" Shubman asked because the eyes with which Rishabh was staring at him were starting to weigh heavy over him. "Nothing. Wanna ask something?" "What is going on between them?" Shubman asked as if on cue, gesturing towards where Ishan and Meera stood talking to each other.

Suddenly Rishabh and Abhishek, who Shubman didn't realize was standing beside him for quite some time now, started to laugh their heads off. "What's wrong?" Shubman asked, frustrated. "Nothing. Hahahah, this seems like déjà vu to me. Hahhhahaa." Abhishek replied, barely containing his laughter.

"déjà vu?" shubman questioned.  "Why are you asking that shubman? Are you jealous?" Rishabh asked, lifting one of his eyebrows. "jealous? What? NO. Why would I even be jealous? That's just ridiculous." "Righttt. You are definitely not jealous, hahaha," Abhishek interrupted again.

"Shut up, Abhi. Let the boy breathe." Rishabh scolded Abhishek that didn't sound genuine at all. Shubman just squinted his eyes at them. "okay. Okay, she is Meera, the daughter of one of the businessmen Virat Bhai knows and is close to. She usually attends all of the parties Virat Bhai throws. And to answer your question, no, there is nothing going on between her and Ishan. She has a huge crush on him, that's it." Rishabh completed with a smile.

"And what about him?" Shubman finally asked the question that was weighing down upon him. "Ishan is quite literally blind when it comes to people who have a crush on him. Apart from him, the whole world would know that the person has a crush on him. But as far as I know, Ishan has no such feelings for her." Rishabh passed a smile to Abhishek at that.

Shubman after that incident couldn't help but think about why they felt that he was jealous. Why would he be jealous? Of whom? That was just stupid. 'Yes, that's right; they were just being stupid.' Shubman thought and looked at Ishan one more time, but this time Ishan was already looking at him. He smiled when their eyes met, and Shubman's heart skipped a beat. Shubman left the room with the thought that he was definitely getting sick and needed fresh air.