Ishan cleared his throat, gesturing towards Abhishek, who flashed a broad grin at the indifferent boys in front of him.

“Lads, this is Abhishek. He’ll be replacing Nehal in the team for the tournament,” Ishan said, rubbing his neck awkwardly.

Hardik whistled as he strolled over to Abhishek. “TheMeridian kid,” he remarked, casting a brief glance-down. “Vice-captaincy wahi chhod kar aaya hai na apni?”

Abhishek blinked. Was this an attempt at hazing? “Yeah, that’s how transferring works.”

Rishabh bit down a snicker as Hardik blinked. He slapped Abhishek’s back playfully. “Hardik is our Vice-Captain, Abhi.”

Abhishek nodded with a sheepish smile.

“Tu karke aaya kya?” Hardik asked.

“Huh?”

Surya nudged Hardik harshly. “Practice.Practice karke aaya kya?”

Abhishek glanced at Ishan, who simply shrugged, leaving him to deal with the new bunch. “Um, do I have to demonstrate?”

Ishan responded with a “no,” while Hardik insisted with a “yes.” It was Rishabh who broke the ice, saying, “Guys, let’s just focus on our match next week, alright?”

Hardik huffed and shot a look at Abhishek before walking away for warm-up. “I have a feeling he doesn’t like me,” the latter said.

“Hardik doesn’t like anyone,” Ishan muttered, fixing his shoelaces.

“Who’s fromMeridian,” Rishabh completed helpfully.

“Ah, I never took the rivalry seriously.”

Ishan stared up at him. “Don’t insult us.”

“Sorry,” Abhisek winced, feeling like he was walking on eggshells around him.

“You better start taking it seriously if we’re going to destroy Shubman,” Ishan simply said, averting his attention to the other boys.

“Destroy is a bit,” Abhishek chuckled nervously turning to Rishabh, who seemed to be nodding to what Ishan said.Seriously. Abhishek sighed.

Ishan was a good captain, he realized. Well, it wasn’t much of a realization. Ishan wasstilla good captain.“But a failed one,” Shubman had said.

Ishan raced across the field, trying to catch up with Surya, who was laughing uncontrollably. Despite having shorter legs than others, the guy compensated with his speed. He just needed the right partner on pitch, Abhishek thought, remembering how Ishan got run-out twice in the last season. He shrugged off the thought, realizing he was better off not pointing out the team’s shortcomings, right after joining. He was no longer the Vice-Captain anyway.

One thing Ishan loved aboutSummitwas that there was no one breathing down their necks about training. They could hit the nets whenever they felt like it, no questions asked. Shastri would sometimes peek in, but only to chat about possible new game plans or to step in when Hardik tried to bully the basketball guys.

Ishan flopped onto the grass, his chest heaving with beads of sweat and causing his shirt to cling to him. He waited for the breeze to kiss his body. He looked at Rishabh and Surya in the distance, working with the bat. They took practice seriously, the two of them, though not very much because Rishabh smacked Surya’s ass with his bat the next second and ran off as the other chased him.

Tilak seemed to be holding a bat too, having an animated chat with Hardik. Ishan wondered if the latter knew that Tilak was from the basketball club. Then he wondered if anyone knew that Tilak was from the basketball club.“I’m pretty much invisible,”he had once joked but Ishan didn’t really laugh.

“How can you still love lying on the grass with all the bugs around?” Abhishek asked, scrunching his face at Ishan. He lay beside him nonetheless.

Ishan just hummed idly, making space for Abhishek. They both gazed at the summer sky.

“What’re you thinking about?”

“The tournament.”

“You think too much about it.”

“I have to,” Ishan said. “I’ll go crazy if I don’t.”

Abhishek chuckled. “You’re crazy enough as it gets. Well, do you have a plan?”

Ishan turned to him, nodding.

“Will you tell me?”

Ishan looked away.

The silence was peaceful but Ishan’s silence was foreign to Abhishek. He used to be unapologetically loud. Maybe he still was, just not around Abhishek.

“Ah, this is great,” he exclaimed, startling Ishan a little. “Doesn’t it take you back? So nostalgic.”

“You’d always fall asleep even though you refused to lie down at first,” Ishan said with a soft laugh.

“Because you and Shub would talk about the most boring things ever!”

“Star Wars is not boring!”

“Don’t tell me you still watch the re-runs.”

It was their thing, Ishan and Shubman’s. They would watch the movies over and over, even though they knew every line of Anakin by heart. Abhishek had no choice but to suffer, but then he never made any attempt to leave when he saw Shubman pull out the DVDs from his stash.

Ishan shook his head slowly, and though it was surprising, Abhishek didn’t need to ask why. He always thought that for Ishan, watching Star Wars was more about watching it with Shubman.

“It’s peaceful,” Abhishek spoke again, tracing the arcs of the birds flying.

“It is.”

“Maybe it wouldn’t have been if Shubman were here,” Abhishek joked. “He talks too much.”

“Wouldn’t be,” Ishan mumbled.

“What?”

“He wouldn’t be here with me.”

Abhishek had had many girlfriends through the years and not one of them hurt him as much as the two of his best friends did.“I’m here with you, aren’t I?”He wanted to yell at Ishan. It probably didn’t matter. He couldn’t be Shubman for Ishan now, just like he couldn’t be Ishan for Shubman in the three years.

He hated them. He hated them terribly. He closed his eyes, letting the summer sky darken out.

“The cicadas will still sing,” he smiled.

“Why ishehere?”

Mayank groaned, unwrapping his sandwich. “That’s enough, Ishan! Get over it already.”

“No, idiot. Why is he hereagain?”

Mayank looked up, spotting Shubman Gill’s blinding smile almost blowing up their cafeteria. The freshmen girls surrounded him like a pack of wolves eyeing their prey.

“How does he have the energy to be so... energetic,” Mayank grumbled.

Ishan huffed. “Does he not have classes? It’s literally eleven.”

“Good morning!” Abhishek set his tray down, taking a seat across Ishan.

“Ain’t nothing good about this morning,” Mayank muttered.

“Oookay, then, who are we bitching about today?”

“Your best friend,” Rishabh supplied.

“What’d you do, Ish?”

Mayank scowled. “Oi, aukaat mein. He’s my best friend,” He scooted closer to Ishan protectively.

Abhishek scoffed at the incredulity. “Relax, you met him in ninth. I’ve known him since elementary.”

“Yet I’m his best friend. Speaks volumes, Sharma.”

“Doeshethink of you as his best friend?” Abhishek leaned back, crossing his arms.

“Of course. Right, Ish?”

Tilak looked at them, amused at the immaturity. “Can’t you both be his best friends?”

“No!” They replied in unison.

Ishan looked around, his cheeks flushed in embarrassment. “Shut up, you two. People can hear you,” he chided quietly.

“He’s my best friend, case closed.” Abhishek smirked. Mayank was about to retort, when Shubman stepped in.

“I didn’t come here all the way to find out you’re cheating on me, Abhi,” Shubman said, settling next to him.

“Lo, aa gaya best friend,” Rishabh whispered to Tilak.

Abhishek glanced at Ishan, who appeared to be seething as he tightly clenched his spoon. “Shub, did you leave something behind in my dorm?” He asked, his laughter tinged with nervousness.

“Nope.”

“Well, then are you going to say why you’re here?”

Shubman’s smile was making Ishan uncomfortable, which was probably the aim. He shifted uneasily in his seat and focused on his food instead.

“I missed you,” Shubman drawled,  hugging Abhishek who pushed him away with a scoff.

“Why are you missing me all of a sudden when I’ve been here for almost a year now?” He swatted away Shubman’s hand trying to steal his fries.

Ishan cast a suspicious glance at the duo. His hunch was proving to be right. He came to spy on them!

“Careful, Abhi. I’m adelicate little flower,” He rubbed his hand, quoting what Ishan had said. Ishan quickly looked away when Shubman met his eyes, sporting a little smirk.

“You’re embarrassing me,” Abhishek chided, pulling him up. “Let’s go somewhere else. I’ll catch up with you later, guys,” he added, addressing the rest of the group.

Once they were out of earshot, Rishabh leaned in with a gasp. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”

Ishan nodded, his brows furrowed in seriousness.

“What are we thinking?” Tilak asked, blinking in confusion. He hated when they acted like telepaths.

“They are spying on us.”

“They’re dating.”

“What?”

“What?”

Rishabh snorted. “That’s ridiculous.”

“Do you hear yourself?!” Ishan cried out, almost choking on his food.

“He came all the way fromMeridianto meet Abhi, isn’t that so cute?” Rishabh clasped his hands dreamily as Ishan scrunched his face.

Mayank snorted. “I don’t know which one’s worse, actually.”

Ishan turned to Mayank with a serious expression. “What, you don’t think so?”

“That they’re dating?” Mayank asked with an odd look.

“Thatthey’re spying on us.”

“Not again, Ishan. I told you, it’s the most impractical thing ever,” Mayank said with a sigh.

Ishan crossed his arms, huffing. “You don’t know him, Mayank. I’m not going to risk it.”

“Well, what are you going to do?” Rishabh asked with an amused glint in his eyes.

Ishan tapped his fingers on the table, fleeting his eyes around. They landed on a struggling Tilak, fighting for his life to tear open the ketchup pack.

Ishan felt himself smirking. “You up for some practice today, Tillu?”

“This might not be your greatest idea, Ishan,” Surya whispered.

They watched as Siraj bowled to Tilak, who could only blink as the first two balls sent him packing. Ishan grinned, returning to his stretches.

“What’s he celebrating for?” Rishabh snorted at Siraj doing theSiu. “Taking down a basketball player, big deal.”

Ishan glanced over at Abhishek and Shubman on the sidelines, witnessing the nightmare. Abhishek seemed genuinely taken aback, while Shubman just seemed amused.

“So, remind me again what’s the point of this?” Mayank asked.

“We put on a horrible performance when Shubman’s around. He can’t come all the way here everyday to spy on us,” Ishan explained.

"Ooo, genius, Ish." Hardik clapped.

"Takes one to know one, Harry," Rishabh snorted.

Surya shook his head with a sigh. “Wo sab toh theek hailekinyou’re scaring the newbie.”

“Come on, it’s fun,” Mayank snickered.

Tilak swung wildly for the next ball, seemingly out of desperation. The ball grazed the edge of his bat by luck, deflecting away from the stumps. He looked over at the boys with a wide grin, shooting a thumbs-up.

“Yeah! Great defending!” Rishabh hooted as the others fell over with laughter.

“You rock, Tillu!” Hardik yelled.

“God, this is a disaster,” Ishan said, wiping away a tear.

They kept cheering him on like he was their best man as Tilak managed some poor shots, narrowly avoiding being clean bowled.

Shubman turned to Abhishek with a smirk. “Hat-trick is safe.”

“They can't be serious," Abhishek gawked.

“Not when he's their captain,” Shubman said pointing towards Ishan, who was doing cartwheels with Siraj at the center of the pitch for some reason. “We won’t even need to bring out Shami if this is how y’all are going to play.”

“Only Ishan could keep such an underperformer on his team,” Abhishek shook his head with a smile.

“Always trusting people he shouldn't,” Shubman scoffed before turning away to leave.

Abhishek cast another glance at the scene on the field. Tilak had now joined Ishan and Siraj in their antics. They doubled over in laughter as Rishabh kept falling on his butt while trying. Ishan had his own way of handling situations, he knew that. But sometimes his ways did not reason with others. It did not, with Shubman. But Abhishek wasn’t too worried about his team. As long as Ishan was the captain, they weren’t sinking.

“Abhi!” Ishan yelled, waving him over with a broad grin. “You wanna race?”

Shubman halted in his tracks, glancing back at Abhishek, who dashed towards the field. For a moment, his eyes found Ishan’s across the boundary, and just like that, Ishan stopped smiling.

“I thought I asked ifyouwanna race?” Ishan looked flatly at Shubman who looked all too happy for crashing someone else’s training.

Abhishek smiled sheepishly, rubbing his neck. “Sorry, you know how he is.”

Mayank crossed his arms, leaning against Siraj. “How’d this even happen?”

“You think they’ll kill each other on the way?”

“Probably,” Surya snorted in response.

“What, shorty? Scared you’ll lose?” Shubman teased, crouching into his stance.

Ishan scoffed, taking his position beside the taller one. “Lose? You’ll be seeing my back the whole way.”

Shubman smirked down at him and then looked back up to the track. “With that ass, I might.”

Before Ishan could respond with his disgust, Rishabh blew the whistle, signaling the start. They pushed off simultaneously, sprinting towards the turn around the track. Shubman’s long legs gave him an advantage, but Ishan made it difficult for him to capitalize on it. The wind whipped past them, tousling their hair as they raced down the track, Ishan's breath coming in quick, steady bursts.

“Tired?” Shubman asked in a shout.

"In your dreams!" Ishan yelled, sprinting past Shubman with a grin that forced its way on his face. The scent of freshly cut grass filled him with nostalgia once again, reminding him of the countless summer afternoons they had spent racing down the road by their school. They always reached the end line at the same time and fought over it on the way home. Once, Shubman let him win and Ishan didn’t talk to him for an hour after that.

Ishan cursed himself for letting useless thoughts cloud his mind as he realized he was tumbling onto the grassy downhill, with Shubman right beside him. The rush of wind filled his ears as they rolled together, groaning in unison when they landed on their butts.

“Pushing me off the track? Sore loser move, Gill.”

Shubman grunted, rubbing his ankles. “You’re the one who lost his balance suddenly. I was just trying to tug you back in.”

Ishan frowned, fixing his shirt. “Why?”

Shubman looked at him, seeming confused. Yeah, why did he save the ungrateful piece of shit anyway?

“Because then you’d have said that I pushed you off,” He replied, rolling his eyes.

“What a saint,” Ishan scoffed.

“You can at least thank me, asshole,” Shubman grumbled.

“Yeah, thanks for ruining my practice,asshole.”

“Not like you have much going on. Don’t embarrass yourselves in the league like that.”

Ishan clicked his tongue impatiently. “Of course you think that. You’re all just self-absorbed, narcissistic,Meridianmeat riders!”

Shubman snorted, leaning back on his elbows. “Whatever makes you feel better, darling.”

“Spy kahika,” Ishan fussed, plopping down on the grass, a few feet away from Shubman.

“What?”

“Spy.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“You’re spying on our team, aren’t you?”

Shubman blinked, and then he burst out laughing. “You’ve still got your humour, I’ll give it to you.”

Ishan shot him a blank look. He sat up with wide eyes. “Shit, you’re serious, aren’t you? God, this is hilarious.”

Ishan felt his cheeks heating up as Shubman kept laughing, clutching his stomach.

“You think,” he said in between his laughs. “You think I come here to spy on you and yournationally renownedteam of amateurs.”

“Who’re you calling amateurs?!”

“Darling, darling,” Shubman said, in that condescending voice of his again. “You’ve got to understand this, okay?” He inched closer, leaning in to whisper, “You and your team are not worth a second of my attention.”

Ishan’s ears flared up, feeling a sense of humiliation. He glared at the other, shoving him away. But the latter only laughed. “I don’t know why Abhi believes that you can win. I don’t know why any of your teammates believeinyou.”

Ishan clenched his jaw, stifling the hurt that threatened to spill from his lips. He looked away. It was strange to think that this was the same Shubman who used to utter a thousand apologies whenever Ishan gave him the silent treatment for saying something he didn’t even mean.

This time, Ishan knew that Shubman meant his words. And this time, Shubman did not care.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:this was the last pre-written chp. i’ll write again once i’m done with exams.

abhishek and mayank are way too underrated for the contribution they’ve made in ishman fics. i’m here to change that.