Ishan was training hard for the world cup. It's his chance to show his capability to the world.

The first match is set between India and Australia Rohit and Ishan are going to be the openers.

He is sitting in the changing room everyone seems nervous. Ishan was feeling more nervous than usual of course it's world cup he'll feel nervous but he can't seem to cope with his nervousness today.

The anxiety grows in him. He picked his phone and called shubman.

"What are you doing?" He asks. "Just waiting for the match to start so i can watch you" shubman replies.

Ishan clicked on the 'switch to video call'option and shubman accepted it.

"Missing my handsome face?" Shubman asks teasing him. "Feeling nervous without you" ishan replied.

"What about the other matches when I'm not with you?" Shubman asks blushing.

"Nahi samne tu ye alag baat hai.Mere pass hai tu mere sath hai.Priyasii~"Ishan sings to shubman.

"Tera naam mene liya hai yaha.Mujhe yaad tune kiya hai waha.Mere pass hai tu mere pass hai~"Shubman sang along.

They both ended up laughing. Ishan was feeling lighter now still nervous but not as nervous as before that's why he always needs his best friend to be with him before any big match.

Soon the match starts Australia won the toss and decided to bat they set the target of 199.

Ishan got out first at 0 soon rohit follows him behind with a 0 score too. Damn those aussie bowlers.

India won the match in the end.

When ishan entered the hotel room he sees shubman sitting on bed he gave shubman a small smile before asking.

"How are you feeling now?" He walked towards the bed "better than before" shubman replies opening his arms for ishan to slip in.

"I wasn't able to make you proud today" he says in a low voice hugging shubman tight.

"It was just one match we have another one coming. You can make me proud in next one yeah?" Shubman says to ishan.

"I'll try my best." He says still keeping the hug tight.

....................................

The next match was against afganistan match was about to start in 30 minutes when ishan tried to call shubman.

Even after 10 calls shubman wasn't answering his calls. He was feeling nervous before now he was getting anxious.

Why wasn't shubman answering his calls shubman said he will be watching the match and he can call him anytime but why wasn't he picked up now.

Ishan scored 47 and got out caught trying to hit a 6. India won by 8 wickets.

When he entered the hotel room he see 2 men sitting and shubman on iv drips.

"Oh god are you okay shubi?" He says running towards shubman.

"Yeah i am. No need to worry ish it's just doctor said it was needed" shubman says holding his hand making him sit.

.........................

"You almost hit a half century today" shubman says smiling at him. Coming to hug ishan from behind .

"Do you even know how anxious i was. First you didn't pick my calls and when i came in you were lying with iv drips" he says pushing shubman away.

"Come on baby you would be more anxious and worried if i had told you i was feeling too weak that i have to be on iv drips" shubman says whining.

"That i would be but i get worried when you don't answer my calls too" he replied acting mad.

"Are you seriously getting mad at your sick best friend" with a pout shubman says.

"I'm not mad and stop acting like a babygirl shubi" ishan says.

"I'm not a babygirl. You are." Shubman says coming closer to try and hug him again.

"I'm not a babygirl also I'm a daddy material." He says mocking shubman who was now standing right in front of him hands on his neck.

"Woah woah what is this sick babygirl and daddy fantasy" comes siraj into the room.

"Bhaiya tell me Who's more babygirl between us" shubman asks looking at siraj.

"Is that even a question??..... it's ishan." Siraj said. Ishan looked at him with betrayed face. "But....he can be a daddy too" siraj continues.

"See i told you everyone wants me as their daddy" ishan says looking at shubman with proud look on his face.

"Well i prefer babygirl ishan. My babygirl" shubman says winking at him ishan's face turned red.

"Salo me yahi khada hu meri nhi kam se kam meri umar ka hi lihaz karlo" siraj says coming in between them tearing them apart.

"Aa gae pyar ke dushman" shubman says giving siraj side eyes before rollin his eyes.

"Ek bar recover hoja tujhe fir dekhuga" siraj replied.

"Abhi dekh lo itna bura bhi nhi dikh raha hu" shubman says smirking.

"Such a lame reply shubi" ishan says.

"Are you on his side or mine" shubman says looking at ishan with wide eyes.

"Of course I'm on your side" ishan says. "Well doesn't seem like it" shubman replies.

"Why did you came here bhaiya?" Shubman asks. "To check on you and him too he was worried all the time when you didn't answer his calls" siraj said.

................

The three of them ended up lying on the bed scrolling reels. Shubman's phone starts ringing he answers it and excuses himself.

"Hello sara" siraj and ishan heard before shubman walked to the balcony.

After 15 minutes shubman returns.

"Sara huh" siraj says teasing shubman.

"Yeah. She's worried for my health so she called. Also to tell me she'll be coming to the next match. Shubman says smiling.

"You know what they says. Hamari bhabhi kesi ho?? Sara bhabhi jesi ho!!" Siraj says shouting the last part.

"Can't agree more she's a nice girl." Siraj continues. "You're friends with her right ishu"

"Yes i have known her for 4-5 years now." Ishan who have been quite for past few moments says.

"Then she sure is nice for shub. To be friends with you it is only good people's job" siraj says chuckling.

"We're not that close though. Just talks here and there. But from what I know yeah she's good for our shubi. She have most of the qualities shubi wants in a girl" ishan says with a small smile.

"Come on guys it's not that serious right now" shubman says with a visible blush on his cheeks.

...............end for today...............