Shubman, after leaving the main party area, found himself in a secluded corner of the room with just a few people nearby, busy with some topic they were discussing. The loud music of the party wasn't that ear-damaging here, and one didn't need to shout at the top of their voice to let the other person hear them.

Don't get him wrong; Shubman loved music and parties, but maybe this was all too much for him. The environment and the people were all a bit too much knowledge dumped on his forgetful brain. Or perhaps he was feeling too suffocated inside of that room?

Shubman was busy thinking of why he came here, leaving all the people behind. Now that he thinks about it, he didn't even inform anyone that he was going to step out for a second. How unethical and stupid of him. Shubman, if sent in an overthinking and self-sabotaging competition, would win the first prize. That was not even an overstatement.

He liked to torment his brain and think about stupid stuff that would most definitely never happen, but he still liked to believe that they would and he would die because of some words that he might have said somewhere. While thinking about something similar, Shubman went towards a balcony. He sat there admiring the night.

Shubman has always been a night person, but he had never really sat and admired the night like this before. Now that he was doing it, he realized just how beautiful it all looked. The dark sky breathing and vast, the stars stuck on it like some décor. It seemed as if the creator thought that the black sky would look too depressing without some shine and added that shine in the form of stars.

It looked very beautiful. Shubman had never really seen something so simple yet so breathtakingly beautiful before. In the age of people being a mountain or sea person, he would rather be a mere spectator witnessing this beauty of the night. So serene yet so impactful. Full of mystery, yearning to be studied.

Just as he was going on to admire the beauty of the moon in that suddenly overly philosophical mind of his, he heard a voice from behind him, "Shubi?" Shubman's heart skipped a beat yet again. No matter how much he thought about it, he just couldn't think of why his heart would do that, and so he decided to let go of the topic for the time being.

"Why are you out here? People were all looking for you inside." Ishan continued when he didn't get any reply from Shubman. "Just came for some fresh air." "Okay." Ishan went inside and got himself a chair, settling right beside Shubman. Shubman, who noticed all of it, didn't know how to react anymore, so he just smiled at Ishan and went back to looking at the sky again.

Now that Shubman had Ishan right beside him looking at the sky with him, he lost all interest in the night sky. Now, Shubman had something prettier to admire. 'what? What the fuck am I even thinking?' Shubman forced the thought of Ishan's beauty out of his head, and it took all the willpower inside of him to keep his eyes on the stars and not on the moon beside him. 'There is no way I am comparing him with the moon right now? Have I completely lost my mind?'

His terrain of thoughts was interrupted when he heard a throaty laugh beside his ear. He finally threw his sanity out the window and took a look at Ishan laughing; his eyes were closed and his head was thrown back. He held the arm of the chair to prevent himself from falling, his neck on full display.

Shubman had his eyes stuck at the mole on his neck for some reason. He had never been some romantic fool, but hell, was that mole pretty? 'Alright, I am definitely drunk because what the actual fuck?' Shubman wanted to slap himself so badly right now, but he was stopped yet again when Ishan finally decided to speak.

"Why are you glaring at the sky like that? What did it even do to you?" Shubman was left speechless at that. Was he really glaring? "Why are you making that face shubi?" "nothing. I was just thinking about something." "Yeah, right, I could see that, but what is it that you are thinking about so seriously"

Shubman just smiled, thinking 'you' and then immediately internally slapped himself at the thought. "Shubman, really, are you okay?" Ishan now looked quite concerned for him, and Shubman didn't know if he should laugh or cry at that. "Ouch," Shubman uttered when someone slapped his head from behind. "What is it, Rishabh?" he asked Rishabh, who had been behind that slap on his head, his tone irritated.

"Stop staring at Ishan and come inside; everyone is asking for you." Rishabh pulled Shubman out of his seat at that, resulting in him losing his footing and falling over Ishan's seat. He landed his hands over the arms of Ishan's chair with little to no distance between both their faces.

Shubman realized that he had never seen eyes as pretty as Ishan's ever. Ishan had the most beautiful pair of eyes. These eyes were wide open in surprise and were looking at Shubman through the lashes so long and black that it reminded him of the night sky again. There was a pretty frown on Ishan's forehead, and Shubman wanted to massage it gently.

"SHUBMANNN," Rishabh shouted in his ears so loud that he thought that he was going to lose his hearing the next moment. Shubman was instantly startled awake from his fantasies and weird thoughts. His hands instinctively went to massage his eardrums and give Rishabh a nasty look.

"What are you shouting like that for? Do you want me to go deaf or what?" His irritated voice was directed at Rishabh, and Rishabh just looked at him like he had grown two heads. "what?" "nothing. Let's go." Rishabh pulled Shuman towards the lively atmosphere of the party again, and they both exited from the quiet.

Ishan was still sitting in that exact position and slouched a bit. He looked at the retreating figures of Rishabh and Shubman, a breath held in his throat. Ishan breathed out, not knowing why his breath got stuck like that.

Rishabh had dragged Shubman to a corner of the lively party room. "Why did you drag me here?" Shubman questioned, looking quite pissed. "Wow, Shubi, I really don't know whether I should be proud of you or should I be concerned. How are you acting in the exact same way you did before losing your memories? Like an idiot." "what? how?" Shubman questioned, confused by what Rishabh said. "Nothing." Rishabh just left with that.

Now that Shubman thought about it, Rishabh did look quite concerned. But why? While he was thinking hard about this weird reaction of Rishabh, he saw him coming towards him again, but this time with a few people at his heels. "Shubman, they wanted to meet you before leaving." A few cricketers were coming towards him.

Shubman smiled and greeted them all. They all wished for him to get better and play together with them once again. Hardik just smirked at him before saying something to Rishabh, and then they both shared a laugh, leaving Shubman speechless at that. Soon Abhishek joined him and Rishabh on the sofa.

"Where were you?" "Busy glaring at the sky." Ishan came from behind them, answering Abhishek. "Glaring the sky? What new hobby is that, Shubi?" Rishabh said that with such a weird smile that Shubman felt chills run through his body. And it might have shown on his face because both Rishabh and Abhishek shared a laugh.

"We should leave too; I promised your mother to drop you off before too late at night," Ishan told Shubman. Abhishek and Rishabh were hooting at the back for some reason neither Ishan nor Shubman knew of. And so, they decided to ignore them and go greet Virat instead.

Shubman met a couple of cricketers before he found himself in the car with Ishan again. This time he had made up his mind to just stare out of the window and not at Ishan. The ride back to Shubman's place was quiet, with only the occasional sounds of the passing vehicles. No one said anything, but it was not an awkward silence. It was quite comfortable, actually.

Soon they reached Shubman's place, and Shubman got out of the car. His sister might have seen them return or heard the car pulling up because she immediately came to open the door for Shubman. "Shubii, you returned? You didn't drink, did you?" was the first thing she asked him when she reached the car.

"No, di, he didn't," Ishan answered her instead. "Knew I could trust you, cutie." And that was directed at Ishan, to which Shubman just gave his sister a side eye, and Ishan let out a laugh. "Alright then, I'll take my leave. Bye, di. Bye, Shubi." "what? Stay the night, Ishan; it's too late." Shahneel spoke before Shubman could, and he completely agreed with his sister.

"No, di, I'd rather go. I have morning practice tomorrow. The coach will kill me if I miss it." shahneel looked like she wanted to press Ishan to stay some more, but then she decided against it. Suddenly, Shubman said, "Bye, Ishan, drive safe." It came out too soft; even Shubman was startled at that.

"Bye," Ishan said with a smile and shook his head at Shubman adoringly before driving off into the night. Shubman still had his eyes widened from the shock, and shahneel looked like her stomach ached due to holding the laugh for too long. "Come inside now, Shubi; stop standing there like a damn statue."

Shahneel dragged Shubman inside the house with that. He just let himself get dragged because why would he find 101 ways to get himself embarrassed always?