“You’re awfully quiet, what’s wrong?” Abhishek asked, squinting his eyes.

Shubman chewed on his straw, sucking the life out of his juice carton. “Nothing.”

Abhishek nodded to himself, flipping the pages of his assignment. “Did you fight?”

Shubman groaned in response as he collapsed onto Abhishek’s bed. He couldn’t exactly explain the unease he felt after Ishan walked out on him earlier. He had expected insults in return, not silence. It almost made him guilty about it, but in his defense, Ishan had just grown sensitive.

“I think I’m heading home,” he mumbled.

“Home,” Abhishek repeated flatly.

“Dorms are closed for a week.”

“So you’re goinghome?”

Shubman waved him off dismissively. “They don’t bother me anymore.”

Shubman’s relationship with his family was, at best, questionable. It was nothing that couldn’t be fixed but Shubman just avoided the problem as a whole, which was him being the root of his father’s disappointment.

“You’ll be holed up in your room,” Abhishek remarked. “You don’t even practice when you’re home. It’s not a good idea, with the tournament coming up.”

“I’ll watch Star Wars,” he mumbled.

There it was again, proving Abhishek’s hypothesis correct. Ishan didn’t watch Star Wars because it reminded him of Shubman, and Shubman watched it because it reminded him of Ishan. The only connection they had left of each other.

“Or,wecould watch Star Wars,” Abhishek grinned.

Shubman looked up with hopeful eyes. “But you hate it.”

“Well, not as much as I hate your depressed calls from home.” Abhishek shrugged. “Just stay in my room, idiot.”

Shubman jumped in to hug him but got pushed away. “Don’t cause trouble for anyone, alright? And please stay away from Ishan for the love of God.”

“Sounds like a challenge to me.”

“Shub, no.”

“Shub, yes.”

He was going to have to force Ishan to talk to him. He was not letting things end on an awkward note and make himself out to be the bad guy.

“A week?!” Ishan exclaimed, utter horror flashed through his eyes.

Abhishek looked at him apologetically. “I’m sorry, Ish. There’s a reason for this, I promise.”

Ishan frowned at the sincerity in his voice. He shot an unconvinced look, slumping down on the bench.

“He won’t mess with you, I promise.”

“Are you sure about that?” Ishan muttered, as he looked over at Shubman, who was grinning like a spotlight, sending smug smiles and making strange hand gestures (Ishan couldn't tell if they were secret gang signs or cries for help from the swarm of girls surrounding him).

“Please,” Abhishek shot puppy-dog eyes at Ishan. Well, he couldn't refuse those.

Ishan sighed, muttered a "whatever," and walked off to his lecture. It was when he saw Shubman practicing on their grounds that he stormed into the coach’s office, looking furious.

Shastri barely blinked. “Coke?”

“No.”

“The drink.”

“Still no.” Ishan gestured for him to look outside. Shastri peered out and saw Shubman practicing in the nets.

“He’s training,” Ishan added.

“I can see that.”

“Inournets!”

Shastri shrugged, taking a sip of his coke. “Well, we don’t really have a rule for guests using an open space.”

Ishan huffed. “Do we have a rule for kicking guests in the balls?”

Shastri stared at him blankly. “Not in the balls.” Then he went back to watching highlights of the ongoing Test series between India and England.

Ishan smirked to himself. “I’ll compromise.”

So he kicked a football at Shubman’s head instead. The latter shot him a glare, not amused to be bothered during practice.

Ishan simply smiled. “Sorry, my leg slipped.”

Shubman shrugged him off with an annoyed look, sending the football flying back. Of course it found its way back to Shubman, hitting his calf harshly.

“That’s it!” He dashed in Ishan’s direction. “What is your problem?”

“You’re my problem,” Ishan said, rolling his eyes.

Shubman barely resisted the urge to shove the boy. But he was oddly relieved to see Ishan approach him first after what happened. Well, it was only for so long that the shorty could keep his mouth to himself.

“Do you want my attention that bad?” Shubman sneered.

Ishan snorted. “You’re one to say.” He pointed at the herd of girls on the sidelines who were watching Shubman practice. They never came to watch the team!

Shubman turned his gaze, he didn’t even realize he had an audience. “You jealous?” He retorted with a smirk.

Ishan looked unfazed. “Kuch hona bhi toh padega jealous hone ke liye.”

Shubman gripped his bat tighter. This guy knew just the right ways to get on his nerve. He leaned in, speaking low. “Tujhe dekhna hai toh direct bol na.”

Ishan grinded his teeth, holding the taller one’s gaze. “You really-” He was interrupted by Mayank calling his name. He shot a glare at Shubman before turning away.

“Oi!”

Ishan turned over his shoulder, sporting a scowl, much to Shubman’s satisfaction.

“Meri T-shirt hatake paseena chaatega?”

The scowl deepened but there was a tinge of red on his cheeks. “Pagal wagal hai kya?”

Ishan couldn’t have avoided him even if he wanted to. This time, because of Coach. The codger decided it was a great idea to partner them up for the drills.

“Why do I have to be withhim?It doesn’t make sense!” Ishan complained.

Shastri pursed his lips. “It’s not bad to get used to your opponent’s techniques.”

Shubman smirked, glancing at Ishan, who was clenching his jaw in frustration. “Watch and learn, shorty.”

“I’m going to kill him,” Ishan snarled.

“You’ll be disqualified from the league,” Shastri simply replied, returning to his office.

Ishan scoffed out loud, he picked his bat and walked off. “Mera lund kare tere saath practice.”

Shubman rolled his eyes and called  Abhishek to bowl to him. He knew Ishan would be watching him. The boy was not subtle.

As much as Ishan hated him, he had to admit that Shubman was a class player. His footwork was impeccable even in practice, his movements fluid and controlled. The swings were smooth and the echo of wood hitting the leather popped in the crisp afternoon air.

Ishan gripped his own bat tighter. He hated Shubman but he hated himself more for being jealous. Every player had his own technique, own finesse. He knew that, and yet. Sometimes you can’t help but think what is it about you that doesn’t get you the same results as someone else. He wants itsobad. “Wanting isn’t enough,” Ishan muttered to himself as his eyes trailed on Shubman’s muscles.

They had a bulge to them now. Shubman used to be lanky like a pole and still could beat the shit out of bowlers. Ishan could only imagine what those strong arms and rough hands could do now.

“You want me to throw you some balls?” Abhishek turned to ask Ishan.

Ishan nodded begrudgingly. He felt Shubman’s eyes on him as he walked up to the crease. “Move,” Ishan said, pushing Shubman aside. The latter only smirked and slumped on the grass, watching the spectacle in front of him. Ishan jutted his chin out, trying to read Abhishek’s stance. His body coiled like a spring, hurtling the ball towards the boundary.

Shubman’s eyes glinted as he watched the agression in Ishan’s play. “Kya sexy shot tha,” He let out a low whistle, his eyes tracing the path of the ball.

A faint smile surfaced on Ishan’s lips without him realizing. He rose his bat at Shubman challengingly. “Wanna see who hits it harder?”

“Mhm, I like it hard.” Shubman stretched as Ishan took a few more deliveries.

Abhishek didn’t even feel tired after bowling to them for half an hour. He was smiling from ear to ear. “They can coexist without killing each other after all,” he thought.

This is what cricket was, a hope for Abhishek to have his best friends back.

“It’s my turn, asshole!” Ishan shouted, poking shubman with his bat. The latter simply snorted, ignoring as he took his position.

“Abhi, tell him this is cheating!” Ishan turned to his friend with his doe eyes, his bottom lip jutting out in a pout.

“AAH TOO CUTE,” Abhishek exclaimed as he ran to jump onto Ishan, who giggled as they fell over.

Shubman made gagging noises, rolling his eyes after. “Did they change the definition of cute?”

Abhishek ruffled Ishan’s feathery hair, prompting laughter from the smaller boy who tried to bat him away. Shubman, feeling left out, pouted at being ignored by his best friend. He thought of making a louder remark their way but held back when he noticed Ishan’s genuine smile directed at Abhishek. Both of them had matching smiles, brimming with life and mirth. It was the happiest Shubman had seen Abhishek since he transferred.

Shubman knew, how much Abhishek missed Ishan. The boyadoredhim, always siding with him whenever Ishan and Shubman argued over trivial matters. So, it likely hurt Ishan more than ever when Abhishek sided with Shubman when it mattered the most, in a fight that broke their decade-old friendship.

Shubman never expected Abhishek to stand by him. He swore to himself that day, to hold onto Abhishek for life. He was not letting another friend leave him, ever.

Now he looked at what they never thought would happen again. Ishan snickered as he pulled Abhishek’s cheeks, prompting the other to smile at him fondly. “You lost your cheeks! There’s nothing to pull now!” He cooed. Abhishek cackled with laughter as they playfully wrestled on the ground.

Shubman shook his head with a smile, as he walked off to practice by himself. A part of him wanted what they had. But the other part of him, the sensible one, knew that wanting wasn’t enough.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:me to myself when i saw ishan in the new pic with orry: