Shubman had recently started watching the cricket matches he had missed over the years. Coincidentally, all of the matches that he watched somehow had Ishan in them. He totally didn't search for those specific ones to watch at all.

Shubman had sat through the night, surfing through the early matches of Ishan's career. He was an impeccable player, Shubman realized. His playing style, stance, and everything on the whole were admirable. But Shubman wasn't just watching these matches for Ishan now, was he?

He was watching it to learn more about his co-players and to learn more about their cricketing careers. At least this is what he told his sister when she asked about this new hobby of his. She made a weird face but didn't question it any further. The doctors and physiotherapists had reduced their scheduled checkups from daily to every two days and now once a week.

Things were going brilliantly for Shubman, and everyone was quite happy with it. Ishan didn't visit Shubman as much as he used to because now there was an upcoming tournament that he had to practice for. He got busier with these practices as the days passed. But Ishan religiously called Shubman. Everyday.

No matter at what time, there wasn't a day that Ishan didn't call. Their conversations earlier limited to cricket and Shubman's health improvement were now open to mental health and personal lives also. Shubman realized that he loved talking to Ishan. Maybe a bit too much. To the point that he didn't miss any of his calls.

Shubman had stopped sleeping at weird times just so he wouldn't accidentally miss one of Ishan's calls. He knew that if he missed the call, it would be tough for Ishan to call him again; he was busy after all. And it warmed his heart to know that despite being so busy, Ishan never once forgot calling him.

Shubman in the times when he didn't have to do his routine exercises watched cricket matches and made notes. Don't get him wrong, he did watch other people play too, but he got this idea of watching the now-old matches because he wanted to see Ishan playing. So, he watched one match, then he watched two matches, and now it has given way to a series of matches watched and numerous players analyzed.

Now, Shubman had a brief knowledge of almost all the players on the team with him and a sea of knowledge about Ishan Kishan. Somebody can wake him up in the middle of the night and ask about the cricketing career of Ishan Kishan, and Shubman would still say it all correctly. It was all itching at the back of his brain; he didn't know that it was there. Now, after watching all these matches, these memories were unlocking themselves.

Sometimes he would search for some specific match because his conscious told him that it was an amazing match, and when watched, it would indeed be an amazing match. Sometimes, he would randomly remember some incident that didn't happen in the recent past of his broken memories and spend hours thinking more about that incident.

Shubman didn't dislike this outburst of random information at random times, but he wasn't a fan of it either, because then he would spend the majority of his time thinking about it, and it honestly gave him a headache almost always.

He told about it to his doctors of course, and they said that it was completely normal and asked Shubman to refrain from preying too much about the details of these scenarios. Sometimes, when done with all the thinking, he would ask about them to Ishan, and Ishan, like the good friend he was, almost always knew the details of these scenarios.

Shubman loved listening about his life from Ishan's point of view. He didn't know why, but he did like it. These conversations were fun when they lasted, but Shubman would feel the air shifting a bit at the end of all of these conversations, it wasn't like he didn't ask Ishan about it, but Ishan would just change the topic, and then they would resume talking like nothing happened.

This week couldn't be going any better for Shubman because he got a call from BCCI today asking him to join the upcoming tournament as a spectator. Shubman would travel with the team and stay with the team; he wouldn't play, of course. He wasn't fit enough to play yet, but he would get to be on the field watching them play and learning from them.

To Shubman, this was an amazing opportunity because this was a huge step in regaining his career in cricket. He was touched to hear that they were bothered enough to let him in. "Try talking with all of them and try regaining your memories, Shubman; this is the best opportunity to do that." Shahneel had told him after she heard about the news.

Shubman had nodded positive and went to sleep. They were to be deported to England for the tour the day after tomorrow, and Shubman was ecstatic, to say the least. The night before the flight, he couldn't sleep until late at night, but he woke up before his alarm and got out of bed to get ready.

His mother had packed his bag for him, and he felt he hadn't aged a day, making his heart go all mushy. The team bus was to come to pick him up, and he wasn't used to being spoilt like that, even if he was the younger child. So, he got up and got ready because he didn't want to spoil whatever reputation he might have made because he got late.

His sister teased him to no end, and Shubman remembered the day he had first gotten selected for a major tournament ten years ago, and his sister had the same reaction. He didn't need to have his memories to know her response every time he had something major going on. He smiled at her despite her teasing, because where else would he get a sister like her?

Shubman jumped up the bus the moment it got there. He was greeted by familiar faces, and he felt peaceful being around them. The crowd was cheering for him when he got on the bus and pulled him in for a hug. After the hug broke, someone dragged him to a seat. When he looked at who the person was, he was pleasantly (not so) surprised to see that it was Ishan.

He sat beside him, and no one batted an eye. They reached the airport, and Ishan sat there beside him, and then they boarded the plane, and Ishan sat there beside him too. As if it were the most normal thing to do. It came naturally to them. 'He is your best friend; of course, you'll stick together everywhere.' His mind supplied.

But nothing was helpful when Ishan dropped his head on Shubman's shoulder after he had dozed off. Shubman short-circuited. He had become so stiff that Rishabh, who was sitting just a seat ahead of him, took notice of it and started laughing until his head fell off. Luckily for Shubman, most of the members were sleeping, but those who were awake were tormenting him enough to last a lifetime.

After some time, he had relaxed, and soon he slept too. His sleep was half broken due to some commotion near their seat, and before he could open his eyes and see what was happening, there were suddenly hands placed on both of his ears, as if wanting to block off the noise. And it did work because now the background was all muffled.

But Ishan's voice came clear to Shubman as if speaking right next to his ear, "Can you go do this somewhere else? Shubman is sleeping." "When he sleeps beside you, Ishan, even a nuclear bomb fails to wake him up." Someone said, "Oh, please, Rishabh, fuck off. I swear if he wakes up due to your stupidity, I will personally plant lizards in your luggage."

"Do you think I am scared of that?" "You want me to prove my theory?" and that seemed to have made Rishabh retreat. Shubman didn't want to smile physically because then Ishan would know that he wasn't sleeping, but he smiled internally before dozing off again.

The second time Shubman woke up was because someone shook his shoulders so hard that he thought that he would dislocate them if this continued for a minute more, so he decided to wake up. He realized that it was Hardik who was trying to wake him up. "Finally, Shubman, I thought you were dead." Shubman gave him a look and then decided to look out the window instead.

"Let's go; we are here. Or do you want to be ported somewhere else?" Rishabh said, pulling him out of his seat. Shubman begrudgingly took his backpack and exited the plane with the team. The departure from the airport to the hotel took them an hour, and now they were all in the lobby of the hotel they had booked.

"Alright people, we have fewer rooms, so, two for one, come on, choose your roommates," Rohit said after they talked to the receptionist. "Ishan and Shubman. Your keys." Virat handed Ishan a key, and Shubman looked baffled at that. He looked like he wanted to ask something but decided against it.

"Why do you look like that? You always share rooms with him." Rishabh said, looking at Shubman, which made a few other heads turn too. "You wanted to stay with someone else, Shubi?" Ishan asked him, and the "no." came out of him instantly. Rishabh, like the bitchhead he was, laughed at that. And when Shubman looked around, almost everyone was trying to control their smile.

"Come on, Shubman, you stay with him even if they had you allotted a separate room of your own. It's almost as if you are glued to him." Virat said teasingly, and Shubman raised his eyebrows at that. "Wait, you can share the room with me for a change. Ugh, Rohit bhai, why did you have to give them the keys so fast? We could have actually made Shubman stay away from Ishan. It would have been an opportunity of a lifetime, bhaiya."

And everyone looked like they were all as regretful as Rishabh was. "In your dreams, Rishabh Pant, now give us a side, please; I want to go to sleep. I don't have enough energy to spend on your nonsense." Ishan said, pushing Rishabh to the side, grabbing Shubman's hand, and then proceeding to hunt for their room.

Everyone, including Rishabh, just looked at the retreating figure of Ishan with Shubman at his heels, with an adoring smile on their faces. "Come on, decide your rooms." Hardik clapped twice to gain the attention of the crowd before speaking. They all then went back to deciding rooms for themselves with a smile on their faces.