Ishan could already hear the excruciating sound of someone singing off-key before he stepped inside the dressing room showers. “How can someone be a badbathroomsinger?” Ishan voiced mentally.

Shubman didn’t seem to have noticed the other entering. The steam-filled shower cubicle echoed with the gentle rush of water, the scent of soap lingering in the air.Lavender, Ishan noted. He let out an amused huff, and got in the next cubicle since the others were out of function. He kept forgetting to complain to the administration.

Ishan took out his own vanilla infused body wash and got to work. He shut his eyes and focused on humming a tune of his own, trying to block the obnoxious singing next door. Who even sangBolo Ta Ra Rawhile showering? One thing Ishan did not miss about Shubman was his deafening queue of Punjabi music. Well, Shubman could probably say the same for Ishan’s Bhojpuri music.

It got quiet after a while as the sound of rushing water abruptly ceased, replaced by the gentle patter of droplets cascading from the showerhead. Ishan halted his humming for some reason. It wasn’t a deliberate attempt to hide his presence (why would he do that?) but his voice faded on its own. He heard Shubman click open his door, his footsteps sounding as he moved away.

Ishan exhaled, and slowly returned to rubbing his body. He could moan, the way he felt his muscles relax under the hot water. His humming came back, a bit louder now, merging with whispered words until it formed a makeshift song.

Finally he reached for the faucet, allowing the flow of water to dwindle to a trickle before coming to a complete stop. He loosely wrapped a towel around his waist and stepped out, the sensation of water droplets clinging to his warm skin. He shook his hair, feeling the water droplets scatter around him, then ran his fingers through his wavy bangs, tousling them gently. He smiled to himself, satisfied with the scent of vanilla wrapped around him.

His soul almost jumped out when he caught sight of Shubman's reflection in the mirror. Standing there, staring at him with an unreadable expression. Ishan felt his heart race as the silence dragged on. Shubman remained silent, all the while his eyes were fixed on Ishan.

Clearing his throat, Ishan tried to shake off the awkwardness as he approached the mirror as well, reaching for the hand dryer beside it. The tension grew thicker, with only the low hum of the dryer and Shubman’s heavy-lidded gaze that traveled from the tattoo just below Ishan’s collarbones, down to his pecs, then to his abs, and finally to the pale skin of his thighs peeking out from beneath the short towel.

Ishan felt oddly naked, watching Shubman’s eyes roam over his body. The dripping water from his hair trickled down his nape, leaving a trail of goosebumps in its wake. It occurred to him that he too should return the favor and rake his eyes over Shubman (his mind turned it into a competition). So he stared at the boy through the mirror, his eyes ending up on Shubman’s abs, sculpted to leave girls wet. The towel around his waist was hung dangerously low. Ishan felt himself gulp as his eyes traced the beginning of the happy trail before quickly snapping back to meet Shubman’s gaze in the mirror.

Their eyes locked with an intensity that didn’t really make sense to either of them. Ishan turned around, breaking the barrier of the mirror to face Shubman directly. The latter licked his lips, possibly unknowingly. Ishan remained frozen on his feet, not knowing what exactly to do or say. Thankfully, it was Shubman who acted first. He turned around and left, slamming the door shut behind him.

Ishan let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. He looked at his own reflection– his cheeks flushed and pupils blown out. “What the fuck was that?” He whispered into the empty showers that still had some lavender in the air.

Ishan did not see Shubman for the next two days. He wondered if the boy had left for good. Shrugging off the useless thoughts, Ishan walked up to his friends.

Mayank looked at him. “Where’s Shubman?”

“How’d I know?” Ishan scrunched his nose. “What happened?”

Mayank nudged Rishabh to speak, who let out a soft sigh. “There are flyers all aroundSummitto supportMeridian. Also our freshmen are on their side, it seems.”

“WHAT?” Ishan couldn’t believe it.

Mayank clenched his jaw. “He might not have been spying but he was definitely up to this. I’m sorry for not listening to you, Ish.”

“Wait, wait.” Ishan frowned. “This doesn’t make sense. Where’s Abhi?”

The boys looked at each other, with no answers. Ishan inhaled sharply and turned around on his feet. He felt a tug from Rishabh. “Ishan, don’t make conclusions yet.”

“I just want to talk to him,” Ishan reassured him with a tight-lipped smile, and dashed down the hallway in search of Abhishek.

Surely enough, Ishan found him in the nets, with Shubman. On the way, he met some of the ‘Meridansupporters’ and managed to get out of them about what prompted the sudden chaos.

“Which one of you decided to form aMeridiancult here?” Ishan asked loudly, stepping in.

Abhishek looked confused. “What happened, Ish?”

“Our own students are siding withMeridian. Which one of you is behind the manipulation?”

Shubman scoffed. “We don’t really need to manipulate people into liking good teams like ours, Ishan, not that you’d understand.”

Ishan shot him a glare. “People say a certain Captain met up with them.”

“So what?” Shubman shrugged. “They called me, I went. It was a pep-talk. If it made them realize they were better off supporting us than your shitty team, it’s not my fault.”

“Shubman!” Abhishek chided, trying to stop him.

“Tellhim!”Shubman exclaimed, pointing at Ishan.

Ishan was seething. “It’sjustlike you to use my kindness for your own selfish reasons, Shubman. I knew I shouldn’t have let you stay.”

“I don’t remember you running things around here,” Shubman shot back. “It was Abhi who let me stay. Inhisroom, by the way, since you think the world runs aroundyou.”

“Of course he’d let you do anything you want!” Ishan spat. “Best friend, right? How could I think people like you can ever change? Once a traitor, always a fucking traitor.”

“Ishan,” Abhishek’s voice came out small and hurt.

Shubman’s chest heaved as he lurched forward, grabbing Ishan by his collar. “Don’t you dare pull Abhi into this.” He said, his voice low and angry. “You haven’t changed either, you know?Alwaysthe victim.Alwaysthe weaker.Alwaysthe only one who suffers, right?”

Ishan couldn’t blink and his eyes were probably red, but he didn’t look away. “Fuck you, Shubman.”

“Yeah, fuck me.” He replied with a humorless laugh. “Fuck everyone except you. Howdarewe remind you that you’re not the only one in the world who has struggles?”

Ishan felt a lump forming in his throat that he knew was a sign of being close to tears. He couldn't let that happen. Certainly not after being humiliated like that. He pushed Shubman away and walked off without looking back.

Shubman pulled his own hair once Ishan left, letting out a soft groan. He looked up at Abhishek who tried to shoot a weak smile at him.

“I’m an idiot.”

“You’re both idiots.” Abhishek rubbed his back gently. “But I’m a bigger one for loving you two idiots.”

Ishan decided to go to Aditi, their team manager, for help. It was in sophomore year when Ishan and Rishabh had begged on their knees to convince her to join them. She was fairly popular and known for her kindness, she didn’t refuse them.

“I’ll work on our flyers then,” She assured him. “Don’t worry, we have people with us.”

Ishan shot her a small smile. “About the cheer team…”

“They agreed to come to all our matches.”

“Thanks, Adi.” Ishan sighed happily. “I don’t know how I’d ever repay you for everything you do for us.”

Aditi grinned, her dimples appearing. “Coffee this Sunday?”

Ishan’s cheeks flushed as he shyly asked, “Is it a date?”

“If you want it to be,” Aditi replied with a matching flush on her cheeks. She quickly bid a bye before parting ways.

Ishan felt a little better after that but not enough to swallow his anger when he spotted Shubman in the cafeteria. The boy seemed to be talking to a mob of students, standing on a table. Ishan mentally snorted. “And he says he isn’t manipulating.”

He inched closer to the scene while keeping in mind to not stand out. The girls wouldn’t let him get too close to the center anyway.

“I appreciate your support very much, darlings.” Shubman spoke, his voice laced with honey. “But do you know what drives me more than support? A good rivalry!”

The people, mostly girls, broke into chatters.

“I want you to support me in a way that riles me up on the field. Do you want to see me allriled up,darlings?” He said cheekily, followed by a wink.

Ishan resisted himself from gagging. There was a very enthusiastic “yes” from his little audience though.

“Then please support your own team!” Shubman pleaded, which seemed to have confused the girls (as well as Ishan).

Shubman added, “You know howjealousI get when my girls cheer for other boys, right?” He pouted. Giggles erupted around him. “But then I give my all in playing, to impress my girls and make sure they know they aremine!”

A girl beside Ishan almost passed out. He blinked. Shubman might really be a manipulator after all.

“So please cheer forSummiton field as loud as you can so that I can get fired up!”

Ishan was equally disgusted and impressed that it worked. Shubman beamed as everyone hooted in agreement.

“Can we cheer for you secretly in our hearts?” A girl asked. Ishan felt very much offended.

Shubman chuckled. “Of course! I don’t need your mouths, darling, I’ll hear your hearts.”

This time, someone really passed out. Ishan scoffed in disbelief as he backed out. Chants ofSummitechoed in the cafeteria, and Ishan couldn’t help but smile at the ridiculous situation.

He stood out until the mob cleared up and Shubman was finally left alone. He noticed the latter dump napkins (probably filled with phone numbers and lipstick marks)  into the trash can.

“Ever considered going into politics?”

Shubman was a little startled to hear Ishan’s voice next to him. He looked at the shorter boy, who had a faint smile (?) playing on his lips. “Will you still be my rival?” He teased, trying to downplay the awkwardness.

Ishan simply snorted. “Why did you do it?”

“Do what?”

“Help me.”

Shubman shrugged. “It’s not help, it’s just pity. I’ll have more supporters even if you gathered the whole city. Besides, I don’t need anyone’s support to win.”

Ishan rolled his eyes. “Right.Mr. I don’t need friends-”

“You’re one to say-”

“Thank you.”

Shubman blinked. “What?”

Ishan bit his lip, fleeting his gaze away. “Thank you, asshole.”

He looked back to notice Shubman’s eyes on his lips. He licked his lips unconsciously and watched Shubman mirror the action. When their eyes locked again, the taller one smirked.

“Thank you?That’s it?”

Ishan shot him an annoyed look. “What else, asshole?”

Shubman edged closer, closing the gap between their bodies. His hands reached out, fingers toying with the top button of Ishan’s shirt. Ishan could barely process what was happening as Shubman unbuttoned the first, then the second.

“W-What are you doing?” Ishan muttered, barely above a whisper.

He didn't reply, unbuttoning the third button. His eyes lurked over the tattoo against Ishan’s soft skin. Leaning in closer, his warm breath fanned over Ishan’s ears.

“It’s sohot,” Shubman whispered huskily. “Buy me an ice-cream.”

Ishan blinked, feeling the rush of blood flooding his cheeks. He glanced at Shubman, embarrassed, while the other chuckled and stepped away.

“Come on, Ish!” He drawled, dragging Ishan to the counter.

Ishan cursed to himself, taking out his wallet. “Don’t call me that!”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:ishan AND shubman’s smexy pics in the span of two days? ok fine, im a slut.