For the rest of his time there, Shubman seemed dead set on getting under Ishan's skin, constantly poking and prodding until it seemed like Ishan was about to snap.

“If you so much as breathe the same air as me, I willkillyou.” Ishan’s voice sounded gravelly.

Shubman’s cheeks hollowed slightly with each pull, the lollipop making an audiblepopeverytime.

“Can you please stop that?”

Shubman smirked. “You’d rather see me sucking something else?”

Ishan scrunched his nose in disgust. “You’ve grown so vile.”

Shubman’s smile faltered a little when Ishan muttered about him being innocent in the past. He stared at the glaring boy in front of him. “I wasn’t innocent, just naive.”

Ishan brushed off the seriousness in his tone and went back to work.

Again. “Whatcha doing?”

Ishan shut his laptop with a groan and stood up, pushing his chair back. “Don’t you have anything better to do?”

Shubman looked up at him with a sickening smile. “What could be better than bonding with a dear old friend?”

Ishan clenched his jaw, gathering his things. “We’re not friends,” he said quietly before leaving.

Shubman snorted as he got up, trailing behind Ishan. “And I wasn’t being sarcastic,totally.”

“Where’s Abhi?”

“You’re all about Abhi, aren’t you?” Shubman remarked snidely. “Just because he’s here now doesn’t mean you can push me out of his life.”

Ishan scoffed in disbelief but retorted, “Afraid I’ll do the same that you did to me?”

Shubman let out a wry smile. “Do you need a reminder that he chose me over you?”

Ishan stopped abruptly, shooting him a glare. “Youmade him choose, Shubman. Friends don’t make friends choose.” He stepped closer to Shubman and poked his chest, his voice low. “I wish I never met you.”

Shubman felt a lot of emotions at those words but he masked them with a faint smirk. “The story still ends the same, doesn’t it?” He whispered. “No one chooses you.”

Ishan inhaled sharply as he turned and walked away. His mind rationalized that arguing with Shubman wasn’t worth it buthisheart. All his heart wanted was Shubman to take back those words and whisper sweet nothings in his ear like he used to when Ishan would cry to him about his insecurities. The boy told him once,“You deserve the moon, Ishan. It’s just that I’m not worthy of bringing it to you.”

Ishan hated himself for always remembering useless details of the past. He was grateful when Aditi waved at him, shaking him out of his thoughts.

“Is it Sunday already?” He asked with a grin.

She smiled with a slight blush, shaking her head. “You have your practice match this Saturday, right? Give me the list of players by the end of the day.”

Ishan’s eyes widened. “Oh shit, I was supposed to meet with the other guys. Uh, I’ll get back to you, Adi. Thanks!”

He dashed back to the dorms and knocked down his neighbor’s door, who was supposedly back from playing domestic.

“Rohit!”

“It took you two days to notice,” the guy responded with a yawn, reclining on his bed. “Aur bolta hai mujhe bhoolne ki bimari hai.”

Ishan jumped on his friend, wrapping his hands around him giddily. “Sorry, Ro-bro, I was busy with an asshole.”

“It’s funny when you say it like that,” Rohit giggled.

“Where's Jaddu? And Yuzi?”

“On the way, last time I checked.” Rohit said, forgetting the exact location Jaddu had texted him. “So, how’s the league coming up?”

“Where do I even start? Long story short, we have a few new faces in the team.” Ishan sighed.

“Yeah, I heard. By the way, what’s this rumour about Shubman Gill-”

“ROOOOOOHIT!”

Rohit blinked in surprise as a tall pole toppled over him, pushing aside Ishan in the process. “I guess it’s not a rumour then,” Rohit said with a chuckle.

Shubman grinned. “I was hoping to see you before I returned. Is Virat back too?”

Rohit nodded. “What’re you doing here? Virat brought you that signed jersey from Sachin Sir, you know.”

Shubman practically glowed. “Now that’s some fucking news.”

Ishan shifted on his feet awkwardly as he waited for Shubman to fuck off but the latter rambled on and on. Huffing, he walked out with a small wave at Rohit, who shot him a confused look.

“Attention whore,” Ishan grumbled as he returned to his room, leaving his door open. The sound of laughter from next room annoyed him so he resorted to glaring at the wall, cursing Shubman for ruining his moments everytime.

He strolled into bathroom for a shower, still fussing, as the hot water (ironically) cooled his head. It didn’t last very long though. He stepped out, draped in a towel, and was met with the sight of Shubman sitting onhisbed inhisroom, and was thathisone and only copy ofPlayboythat he was flipping through?

This time, Ishan did let out a shriek. “What the fuck is wrong with you?!”

Shubman looked up with an indifferent expression. “You should lock your door.”

Ishan stomped closer and snatched back the magazine, feeling his ears heat up. “We don’t normally have creeps getting in our roomswithoutpermission.”

Shubman ignored him and looked around the room, his eyes landing on the second bed. “Who’s your roommate?”

“None of your business. Can you get out?”

Shubman ignored him,again. He turned his gaze to Ishan’s body instead, checking him out quietly. Ishan was hit with a sense of deja vú, as his cheeks flushed.

“Don’t do that.”

“Do what?” Shubman asked with a smile threatening to surface on his lips.

“That.”

“Use your words, darling.”

Ishan felt suffocated as Shubman stood up and approached him slowly. “You’re so infuriating,” he muttered.

“Yeah?” Shubman asked, his voice going a notch down. “Do you want me to go?”

Ishan glanced up at him through his wet lashes, their bodies inches apart, perhaps for the sake of both their sanity. "Yes," he replied weakly.

Shubman smirked. “You don’t look convinced.”

“Yes,” Ishan repeated loudly, clearing his throat.

Shubman leaned in, lowering his voice. “I said you don’tlookconvinced.” He traced his eyes down to Ishan’s-oh.

Ishan immediately stepped back, using the magazine to cover his very evident bulge under the towel. “It’s because of the hot shower,” he said through gritted teeth as red flooded his cheeks.

Shubman feigned an innocent smile. “I didn’t say anything.”

“Please leave me alone, Shubman.” Ishan said in a voice that sounded close to pleading.

Shubman’s eyes glinted. “Sure, I can do that. But…”

Ishan felt his feet freeze as Shubman closed the distance between them once again.

“But?” He repeated in a whisper.

Something ignited in the pit of Ishan’s stomach as he stood half naked in his own room, cornered by Shubman Gill out of all people, who stared right into his eyes without a blink. Then the boy said the most unexpected thing ever.

“I’m sorry.”

Ishan couldn't help the “Huh?” that escaped him.

Shubman’s expression softened as he said, “I’m sorry for hurting you earlier.”

Ishan felt his heart race. “Why?”

“I think I crossed the limit there,” he replied with a shrug. “I’m not sorry about the other insults though,” he added quickly.

Ishan struggled with his words for a moment becausehow the fuckis he supposed to react to Shubman Gill apologizing?

“I-It’s okay,” he heard himself muttering but then mentally chided himself. “It’snotokay, actually. That was fucking mean.”

Shubman rubbed his neck awkwardly as he stepped back. “Right. Sorry.”

“Whatever,” Ishan sighed. “I have a practice match to worry about so move it, Gill.”

“Do you want any tips?” Shubman teased, in an attempt to ward off the awkwardness. He could see Ishan really throwing him out of his room this time. The smaller boy was stronger than he looked. Ishan could probably lift Shubman in his arms. (Don't ask him why he thought this).

Surprisingly, Ishan said, “Maybe.”

A grin broke out on Shubman’s face. Noticing, Ishan added, “From professional point of view.”

“Sure.”

Silence lingered for a second before Ishan noticed Shubman looking downthere. He gripped the magazine tightly and shot the other a glare.

“Playboy, huh?” Shubman spoke, in an attempt to convey that he was focusing on the magazine and not anything behind it.

“It’s Mayank’s,” Ishan replied flatly. It wasn’t entirely an lie since he did gift it to Ishan.

“If you need any help-”

“Excuse me?”

“I mean, ifheneeds any new copies, Abhishek has some that he borrowed from me.”

Ishan wasn't sure why they were having the conversation, but he supposed it was better than screaming at each other all the time.

He quirked an eyebrow at the taller one. “I thought you weren’t into girls.”

Shubman cleared his throat, feeling gritty all of a sudden. He would have liked to pretend a little longer that his embarassing coming-out in tenth grade hadn’t happened.

“It’s a little complicated,” He said stupidly.

Ishan nodded. “I see.”

Silence prevailed once again. Shubman decided he should leave; he had overstayed his welcome anyway. Not that he was ever welcomed within a mile radius of Ishan. Then again, not that he ever obeyed.

He halted at the door, turning back to see Ishan standing at the same spot, staring at him. “Did you mean it?” He asked.

“What?”

“That you wish you never met me?”

Shubman’s shoulders slumped a little and his voice sounded hesitant. He looked like a kicked puppy, Ishan thought.Cute.

“No,” He replied.

Shubman smiled a little but didn’t leave, as if waiting for something more.

“I’m sorry too,” Ishan added. “For being mean.”

Two dimples graced Shubman’s cheeks as he shot a small nod in Ishan’s direction before shutting the door behind him.

Ishan sighed to himself once he was left alone. He threw the magazine on his bed, checking the condition downthere. Safe. He then gazed out of the window, the gentle breeze rustling the curtains. The sky was painted in hues of pink and orange as the sun began its descent.

In two days, they had their practice match. In two days, Shubman would be gone. Ishan wished there was more time, for the match of course.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:six chapters in and no kiss??? in my story??? more likely than you think😼💅

second hand sexual tension se marungi tumlogo ko😘