•ISHAN KISHAN•

As we both reached the mountain's peak after a two-hour trek, a sense of anticipation filled my heart. Finally, as we settled onto a rocky top, our breath came in short, and we looked ahead.

The sky was a canvas of pastel hues, with streaks of pink, orange, and gold merging together, casting a warm glow. A gentle breeze carried the mild scent of earth. The view in front of us was enchanting.

We trekked this far to see the sunset, and because of that, I am a bit tired, but it was totally worth it.

Mayank took out his camera and started capturing the beauty in front of us. Moments like this make you feel truly alive.

Mayank and I decided to come here as all our other plans were getting canceled for one reason or another. We both are mountain enthusiasts, so nothing could be better than this. And I needed some nature as well because my schedule of past few weeks hardly allowed me to go anywhere.

After filling our senses with this enchanting beauty, we trekked down, which took another 2 hours. Now we are both bone-tired, so we head towards our resort where we are staying.

As we entered, a girl, probably in her mid-twenties, gave us a weird look.What did we do girl?I ignore her judging look.

I took a long, warm shower, and now I am sleepy, even though it's just 8 pm. As I put the hairdryer on the table, Mayank knocked on my door. I opened the door, and he was standing with his laptop.

"You didn't tell me that you are dating."

"Whaaaaa-" Before I could complete the word, he plopped down on the bed and turned his laptop screen. "You are dating Shubman Gill, and I don't know about this?"

This caught me off guard. "See this article right here." I didn't know which article he was talking about. I bent down a little to read whatever he was showing me.

As I finished reading the article, I froze, my eyes wide with shock. "Were you two in a secret relationship, huh?" He asked with a curious expression on his face, but I remained silent.

"Ishan......Ishan Kishan, are you even listening to me?"

"Huh?"

"Care to explain this?" he ordered.

I looked at him with a blank expression and then again at the article. I noticed that this article already had over 3 million views in just 4 hours.

"Now I know why that girl was giving us weird looks, she thought that I am cheating on Shubman with you."

Mayank got more confused. "What are you talking about?"

"Mayank, Shubman and I are not in a relationship." I ran my hand through my hair as the gravity of the situation dawned upon me.

For the next 10 minutes, I explained to Mayank what actually happened, how Shubman asked me to act as his boyfriend, and I helped him.

Now I know why I was feeling like something bad was going to happen, but this is not bad; this is worse.

"Shubman knew about this article?" he asked. "I don't kno-" My phone started ringing. It's my manager.

"Hello, sir, did you read that article?" His voice was a little panicky. "Yes, I just read it." I told him about the whole fake date scenario, he didn't seem to judge but seemed genuinely concerned because even if all this was true, the media getting any news before you tell them anything is not a good sign.

"Shubman sir's manager called me, he said that we should discuss this together before taking any step or releasing any statement. The meeting is tomorrow morning, and he asked for your presence."

Okay, this means Shubman knows too.

"Okay, I will be there as soon as possible."

We are 4 hours away from Delhi, so I have to leave now and get some sleep after I reach there. Only a few minutes ago, I was tired and sleepy, and now sleep doesn't seem like an option.

I told Mayank that he didn't need to bother himself for my sake. I booked a cab and packed my stuff, which wasn't much.

On my way to Delhi, Mom called me. Before picking up the phone, I prayed that please let this call be about my whereabouts and not about the mess that is spreading like fire. If only God had listened to me. The call was only about that fiasco, and I told her that I will explain everything to her, but not now.

She doesn't seem mad because she thought I am dating, but she is angry because I didn't tell her. Ha, even I didn't know that I was dating someone.

My phone is blasting with notifications; I put it on silent mode and shut my eyes. I want to shut my brain too.

I reached Delhi around 1 am, my brother was confused as to why I am here so early as my trip was for three days. I told him I would explain everything later.

My alarm goes off, but I am still very sleepy. But as soon as the memories of last night hit me, I sit up straight with a jerk. Holy Shit, I have to attend the meeting today, and I am still in bed.

I get ready as fast as I can and drive to the office. As I open the door of the meeting room, everyone's heads snap towards me. Of course I am late.

My eyes fell on Shubman as he looked at me with a blank expression. I sit beside Shubman as that's the only chair that was empty.

A person with a grim expression, who I think is Shubman's manager, starts speaking.

~~~

I want to write long chapters but as soon as a chapter completes 1000 words my brain stop working.

-

What is going to happen in the meeting any idea ?