Shubman, after reaching the room, sprawled on the bed instantly. "At least change Shubman." Ishan's said, who had just exited the washroom, hair still dripping wet and a towel in hand. "I am sleepy." Replied Shubman, who now faced the window on the other side of the room, opposite of where Ishan stood.

The wet hair and the clothes sticking to his body due to the moisture had Shubman's brain freeze. He tried his best to avoid looking at him and faced the other way. What Shubman couldn't understand was why Ishan had such an effect on him. Or maybe he had just completely lost his mind now.

The bed dipped at the foot, and Shubman instantly sprang up, took his clothes, and banged the washroom close. Ishan was left on the bed still with a towel, staring behind the now-closed washroom, thinking what the fuck was wrong with Shubman. It wasn't new for them to be sharing rooms, but this stupidity of Shubman was new for him indeed.

Ishan, like a good friend, waited for Shubman to get done so that both of them could rest a bit, but Shubman took his sweet time in the bathroom. After what felt like centuries, Shubman finally got out of the washroom with dripping hair and body-fitting clothes that seemed to be wet too.

"what....?" Ishan started before realizing just what was wrong... "You forgot to take the towel?" asked a very stunned Ishan. "Shubman, are you stupid? There was one inside too, if you just opened your eyes, Shubi, and you could have always asked me for one, you know." Shubman looked very embarrassed at that. "I didn't want to bother you."

Ishan got up from where he was sitting on the bed and immediately put his palm against Shubman's forehead. "Are you sick?" "No, I am okay." Said Shubman, taking Ishan's hand off of his forehead. "Dry your hair at least," Ishan said while grabbing a towel to dry Shubman's hair for him.

They were right in front of the mirror, and Shubman's eyes were fixated on Ishan's face. "There is something you want to say?" Ishan asked, meeting eyes with him. Shubman looked away, breaking the eye contact, and shook his head in negative. "You sure you aren't sick?" "No, Ishan, I am fine; I just need sleep." "Right, it has been so long since you last travelled; it must be hard. Alright, I am almost done with your hair; you can sleep."

Shubman got up from the chair and went to the bed to lie down, immediately closing his eyes. Ishan, on the other hand, switched the lights off, closed the curtains, and tucked the blanket over Shubman before lying beside him and dozing off, too.

Shubman didn't sleep a wink before it was time for them to get off to eat dinner. He just lay there awake until he got a message from Virat to come downstairs. He was tired—too tired to even lift a finger—but he just couldn't sleep. It hadn't happened to him before, and he couldn't figure out what was wrong. So, he decided to get up and freshen up before waking Ishan too and going to get the dinner.

"Ishan, the dinner is ready. Wake up." Said Shubman, shaking Ishan a bit. He, on the other hand, just changed his position and continued sleeping again. "ishaann." He said it a bit louder this time. Ishan stirred a bit before opening his eyes to see Shubman too close to his face, so as a reflex, he kicked Shubman off the bed.

"What?" Shubman was left on the floor speechless. "I am so sorry, Shubi. I am up. Let's go." He said helping Shubman up from the floor. "You didn't have to kick me like that." "I am sorry, okay," Ishan said before going off to freshen up, leaving Shubman to his element once again.

Later, when they were both coming downstairs to eat with the team, Shubman instantly tensed up. There, sitting right beside Virat, was Meera. He couldn't wrap his head around why this girl would join them at their team dinner. He went towards the table and sat right across from her beside Rishabh, who was looking at him with mischievous eyes.

Ishan, who came down with him, was busy chatting with some staff members before he noticed that Shubman had already sat at the table, so he went there too. Meera, who saw Ishan coming towards the table, stood to grab a chair for him, but she was just halfway up when Ishan came and took a seat beside Shubman.

This didn't escape the eyes of anyone on the table, and they all gave each other a look before continuing what they were doing. Shubman, on the other hand, was shocked and speechless. He just kept looking at Ishan. "Ishan, all the best for the match." Meera finally said when the air was shifted to lively again. "Thank you.... Oh hi Meera I didn't see you there. When did you get here?"

"Just came to cheer you up; Virat bhai insisted that I stay for dinner." "Of course, he did. You are like a sister to all of us, right, Ishan?" Rishabh asked, and Shubman for the first time felt like he could say that he liked Rishabh. "absolutely." Ishan replied while serving himself and Shubman some food.

"Bhai? Isn't this too oily for Shubman?" Ishan said, looking at Hardik, who was the one to order the food. "Is Shubman a baby?" Meera said, interrupting again. To her, it was a joke because she was smiling while she said it, but the tone with which she said it, wasn't friendly at all. It had bitterness in it.

She got looks from all across the table, but they all decided to ignore her. "I mean, we have people younger than him on the team; why is he babied like that? He can eat the oil, you know. Won't die, trust me." She smiled at Shubman while taking a bite of the food. Her words had hidden venom in them.

She sounded like she had been waiting to say all of this. Shubman was stunned speechless. He couldn't understand why he was the target of her biting words suddenly. To him, she didn't sound friendly at all, not even remotely. Shubman was still busy thinking about what he did wrong when he heard from beside him.

"Have you gone insane?" Ishan's words were cold, and he never spoke like that to anyone. It shocked everyone on the table, not because someone was saying something like that but because was Ishan saying it. Rishabh, who was just about to reply to her nasty words, just looked at Ishan and smiled. "I was just joking, Ishan." Meera tried to reason with him, but he just scoffed at her before talking to the waiter.

Nobody dared to cut Ishan's words because this Ishan was scary. "I am really sorry, Ishan. I didn't mean it like that." "You don't have to be sorry, Meera. I know what you meant and what you didn't, so I would suggest that you continue eating before I lose my cool." This seemed to have pushed the wrong buttons because Meera instantly flipped.

"He can do anything, and nobody blinks an eye, and just when I say the truth, you start losing your cool, Ishan? just amazing."  "What in the world did he say to you?" Hardik asked. He didn't like the way she spoke to Ishan at all. "You don't know?" Her words were mocking, and Shubman didn't like the fact that he didn't understand what he did wrong.

"Truth is Meera, you like Ishan, and he doesn't like you; that's it. You can just accept it and go home. There is no need to channel your anger on other people." Rishabh's words seemed to have jabbed her in the right places. Because she looked like she just got stung. "I don't stay where I am not respected." With that, she just took her bag and left the hotel.

They were all quiet for some time, looking at each other. And then they all suddenly burst into laughter, "What is wrong with you?" Virat said while laughing. "Your good friend's daughter just went away angry, bhai, what now?" Ishan was too good sometimes. "My good friend doesn't like her all that much either." Rishabh was the one to laugh the loudest at that.

"Don't mind her too much; people do insane things when they are in love." "We know Yash; she isn't a bad person," Rohit replied to Yashasvi, smiling at him. "I shouldn't have talked to her like that. She has always been sweet to me." Ishan said he regretted his earlier outburst. "Of course, she has Ishan; she likes you."

"what? I just thought you were saying that to piss her off. Does she actually like me?" "Yeah, I mean, if it wasn't obvious enough, yes, she does." Hardik finally lost his cool with Ishan and snapped at him. "Why have I never noticed that?" "Because Ishan, you are blind when it comes to people who like you. So many people have a crush on you and you don't even know; you are the most oblivious person I know. Not even kidding."

Rishabh sounded like he was done with Ishan and his antics now. Shubman was in his world while they were all busy fighting amongst themselves. He had a lot to think about. He knew that Meera liked Ishan, but what problem did she have with him? If they were just friends, then why would she target him of all people?

'Maybe he liked... No what nonsense.' Shubman was having a complete monologue with himself. He didn't like it when Ishan talked about Meera so softly; he didn't like the fact that he was regretful about snapping at her earlier. Was he jealous? But that was impossible, right?

Shubman was brought back from his turmoil when Rishabh elbowed him. "What are you thinking about?" "Poor guy is stunned," Virat added helpfully. "You didn't have to listen to her, you know. Should have snapped right back at her. Why did you sit there listening to her nonsense?" Ishan, although regretful, still looked a bit angry.

"Well, you did it for him, so it's okay now." Hardik casually said before going back to eating again. Rishabh was still smirking at Shubman, and he had no idea why. So, ignoring him, Shubman went back to his food too.