Shubman's eyes kept looking for Ishan ever since that incident at the dinner. He was freaking out because now this didn't feel right anymore. At first, he thought that it kept happening because Ishan seemed like such an amazing friend, and he wanted to know more about him, know about everything that they talked about, and everything that he knew about Ishan before losing his memories.

Now though, he doesn't want to know more about Ishan just because he is his best friend. He wants to drink in every habit of his. He wants to know about the way Ishan's sleep cycles work, what he likes to eat, and where he likes to go on vacation. Who he is closest to in the family and what he likes to do in his free time.

Shubman wants to know about Ishan's past and present in a very detailed manner. Such that it should include every detail in a very accurate manner. He wants to know Ishan better than even Ishan knows himself. And all of these thoughts have now become too scary for Shubman.

Shubman is scared of his own thoughts. It is definitely not normal to have this urge to know a person to that extent. Shubman is afraid to even look at Ishan anymore. But his eyes, they had this nick to always betray him. And now, like a madman, Shubman was having a beef with his own eyes. How amazing.

After Shubman finished his dinner, he went straight to his and Ishan's shared room without sparing anyone a glance. Ishan and the others at the table were left speechless at this behavior of his. Usually, after they eat together there is always an after-session of stupidity, but Shubman didn't indulge himself in this luxury at all.

He didn't even wait for Ishan to finish his food so that they could go back together. "Did Meera manage to get on the remaining of his brain cells?" Rishabh asked no one in particular but received looks from all around the table. Some seemed to have nodded along with Rishabh, some were still stunned, and some (just Ishan) gave him a nasty look.

Shubman, when he reached the room, flopped himself on the bed instantly. Without a single thought in mind (thoughts of Ishan took all the space), he fell asleep due to exhaustion. Earlier he hadn't slept a wink, and now he was too tired to stay awake anymore. Later at night, Shubman, still in deep sleep, saw a blurry vision of an accident, and it looked horrendous.

He was stunned awake due to the intensity of this dream of his. When he woke up, he found himself in a proper sleeping position that didn't compromise his neckbone, with a blanket draped over him, which he had no memory of using earlier. The lights weren't on anymore, but he could still feel a calm figure sleeping beside him.

So, Shubman got up and went out of the room onto the balcony without creating any disturbance. He sat there in the chilly night with a glass of water in hand, enjoying the moment's peace. He was content, but there was this increased turmoil in his heart, the reason for which he didn't seem to be able to pinpoint yet.

He wanted to use this time to think about ways he could make his time more meaningful and how he could adjust to this new memory mashup of his, but instead, all he did was think about Ishan. His heart couldn't comprehend the existence of someone so beautiful yet handsome at the same time.

Earlier at the dining table, no matter how much he tried, he wasn't successful in taking his eyes off of Ishan and his pretty eyes that seemed to have held the galaxies in them, that acne under his left eye, which made him look even more majestic than he already was, and oh, the mole on his neck.

Shubman had a different kind of obsession with that mole; every time it caught his eye, it took over his mind completely, so much so that he couldn't think about anything else anymore. It was unhealthy but so addictive, and Shubman was becoming an addict. 'Fuck Shubman, get a fucking grip.' He scolded himself before watching the lights in the distance.

The nightlight in the far distance reminded him of the light in Ishan's eyes yet again, and Shubman thought that he had officially gone insane because what the actual fuck was he even thinking? He desperately needed a break from this whole Ishan topic that went on and on inside of his head 24/7 like a broken record.

So, in the hopes of breaking free from this constant brain rot, Shubman decided to open Instagram to find solace in his fucked-up feed. But to his disappointment (really?) all he saw on his for you page was cricket, specifically, Ishan. It was all Ishan.

There were videos that the fans had edited of him playing cricket, his interviews, brand collaborations, parties he had attended, and whatnot. And honestly, Ishan looked too good in these edits. 'Talented toh hai ye fans, I mean, won't give too much credit to them either because, with a face like Ishan's, it would be hard to not look good now, wouldn't it?' Shubman thought, smiling to himself.

Yeah, he looked stupid, and if anyone were to walk in on him at this moment, they would definitely be very concerned for his mental health, but he couldn't care less. Scrolling through his feed, he suddenly entered something that made him even more confused than he already was.

#Ishman. There were reels with this hashtag, and they all had videos of him and Ishan in them. He had never really searched about himself on the internet before; it was very awkward watching himself at first, but then he got a hold of it. While watching these reels, Shubman realized two things.

The first one was that people shipped them. They shipped Ishan and him as couples, and his heart skipped a few beats at the thought. They all went on about how Shubman looked at Ishan and stuff, and here comes the second thing he realized. He realized they might not be completely wrong.

Because watching these videos, there is no way he wasn't interested in Ishan in a way he shouldn't have been. There was definitely something in his eyes. Shubman can be an airhead sometimes, but this was so obvious that he couldn't even gaslight himself into believing that nothing was going on.

'Okay, wait a minute.' Now, when Shubman thought back about it, all the smirks from all the people around him made more sense to him than they did before. 'So, was I always in love? Have I fallen now? Were we just friends before? Did I like him? Do I like him now?' There were so many questions that were left unanswered, and it made Shubman's head ache.

'Fucking hell, why are my eyes glued to him like that? And why am I smiling like that? Is it just camera work? Am I thinking too much into it? Do I think like that because I feel like I like him now? I wasn't in love with him since before, was I?' Shubman reluctantly shut his phone off because the headaches were starting again.

Shubman still in the thoughts of ishan and his relationship before he lost his memories dozed off where he was sitting earlier. He was unsuccessful in sorting his feelings out but at least he got to complete his sleep peacefully.

"shubmannnn..." Shubman could hear someone calling out to him from a distance, but he couldn't see anything beyond the darkness. "SHUBMAN." This time the voice was loud and clear, and he was jerked awake. Looking around, he found himself in the same position on the balcony as he had been last night.

Now the sun was shining brightly in the sky, and its rays made it hard for Shubman to open his eyes properly and look around to add 2 and 2. "Are you insane? Why did you sleep here? It's so cold out here; have you gone mad?" It was Ishan losing his mind, Shubman realized. He just kept staring at him like he had lost his ability to understand what Ishan was trying to say.

"Come inside the room right now, Shubman Gill." This time his voice was too firm to not oblige to, so Shubman stumbled up from where he was sleeping earlier and wobbled his way to the bed. "See, your legs are asleep; why would you even sleep like that?" "Sorry, I just woke up last night and went out for some fresh air and accidently fell asleep." Shubman sheepishly explained.

"Get ready now; we need to go down for breakfast and then for practice," Ishan said while going inside the bathroom with his towel. And Shubman slept again for the time being. "Shubman, are you serious? Uth ja warna bohot maar khaega." Ishan could be heard shouting yet again.

He came out of the bathroom after a good 30 minutes and was trying to wake shubman up since he had re-entered the room. Shubman on the other hand kept sleeping on with out paying any heed to ishan and his struggles of waking him up.

After a lot of struggles, Ishan was successful in sending Shubman to freshen up before he got himself busy with something random. Shubman, despite the sleepiness, couldn't shake off the thoughts from last night. He was still struggling with the weight of all these questions he couldn't find the answers to.

(Apologies for the delayed update. I will do my best to keep you updated, so please bear with me. Thank you very much for your patience.)