Ishan woke up by the vibration of his phone. He picked his phone to check what it was, just to see memes send by mayank in the middle of night.

Mayank

Atleast react to the meme i sent you.

Ishan

It's not worth my reaction

Mayank

You heartless piece of shit

Ishan

I kissed him last night.

Mayank

Come again??

You kissed HIM??

Ishan

Yeah kinda.

Maynak

Wdym by kinda?

Ishan

It was messy

Both of us were drunk

He probably won't even remember how we ended up kissing.

Mayank

Come clear to him when he wake up

don't make things awkward or petty remember communicate is the key.

And for the love of god please don't end up kissing again.

Ishan

Yes my lord.

Now let me sleep

And if you dare to send me another one of those unfunny meme. I'm blocking you fr this time.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Ishan woke up for the second time when he heard water running down somewhere.

He looked around to see shubman coming out of bathroom.

"Still throwing up?" Ishan asked looking at shubman who came to sit on bed holding his head by both of his hands.

"Yeah still feeling nauseous" shubman says looking up.

"I should be the one feeling nauseous after that kiss" ishan says.

"Ishh....did i make you feel uncomfortable yesterday?" Shubman asks slowly approaching ishan.

"No....but you kissed me with that nasty rotten tequila mouth of yours" ishan says giving shubman a judgy face.

"Are you sure i remember washing my mouth" shubman groans.

"Hush now, i don't wanna go back to that" ishan whines.

"Was it that bad? You were enjoying though" shubman says smirking. "Wanna go again i just brushed my teeths"

"That kiss was to make my confusion go away. Now it seems like you got confused with your sexuality??" Ishan says surprised.

"Well....it was a sight to see you being a moaning mess" shubman says teasing ishan.

"Ohh my god get away from me you nasty human being" ishan says giggling while running away from shubman.

"Atleast tell me if you're bisexual or not?" Shubman asks running behind him.

"Yes i am." Ishan replied.

"So my nasty kiss did work" shubman says finally catching ishan.

Ishan felt shubman pulling him closer by the waist, lips resting on his forehead before saying "just so you know, I'll always love you"

"I'll always love you too" ishan smiled resting his head against shubman's chest.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Thankfully everything between them was back to normal nothing really changed.

But maybe something has changed in shubman. He would catch shubman staring at him for longer. Never leaving his sight for any given minute.

Maybe it was just shubman trying to show more affection towards him now that he have came out, not trying to make him feel left out. Ishan reasoned with himself.

"Are you not liking it?" Virat asks noticing how ishan still hasn't touched his food, he's just slicing his noodles into tiny bits.

"No no it's good" ishan says.

"Stop it i cannot bare to watch it any longer" virat says holding ishan's hand to stop him.

"You seem lost. What's on your mind ishu?" Virat asks his voice getting gentle.

"Bhaiya...is it possible to kiss someone without feeling anything?" Ishan asks still deep in his own thoughts.

"Yeah actors do it all the time...I'm married to one if you remember" virat replied.

"No bhaiya i mean in real life. No acting not a job not a dare or anything" ishan asks looking down.

"Well it depends on the relationship you have with that person. Friendship or situationship? Wait who did you kiss?" Virat asks getting curious.

"It's not about me bhaiya i was just asking" ishan says panicking a bit.

"Yeah sure" virat replied mockingly.

"I'll get going now" ishan says getting up and leaving those noodles he cut into small pieces to get soggy.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

It depends on relationship. And the situation as well yeah that's what virat said. Yet ishan have no idea what to make of it.

The truth is ishan got a secret.

A secret he never dared to act on nor to speak out loud to anyone other than mayank before but just like that all his hard work just crumbled.

All the years he spent hiding and holding back all gone in just one night, and now he had crossed the line where he knew that he could never afford to step back into again.

He cannot just forget that night like it didn't happen.

He cannot delete all those kisses from his memory.

He cannot pretend it was just a normal thing between him and his best friend.

He unlocked his phone to call mayank.

"Move on you said as if, it was that easy" ishan says when the call got answered.

"You have been trying to move on for years ishu" mayank says from other side sighing.

"It wasn't that hard before. He's making it harder now" ishan whines.

"Try distancing yourself might work?" Mayank says.

"What if things get awkward between us i don't want to lose my best friend" ishan asks bit hesitant.

"I'm not telling you to cut him off completely, take few steps and if you feel like losing him then go back yeah?" Maynak continues "spend some time with other people too you're with shubman 24/7 how will this help"

"Sounds like plan" ishan says.

"Yeah then work on it" Maynak says before ending the call.

Ishan is sitting thinking about what mayank said. Should he really work on that?

He fucked his already fucked up life.

Maybe he is pathetic. Why is he keep falling deeper and deeper. Before he would just steal glances at shubman's face but now he wants to steal kisses too.

Ishan sighs opening his Instagram to put an end to his overthinking.

His facial expression changed to unpleasant when he saw a "shub-sara" reel.

"Ahh fuck my life" he says throwing his phone onto the bed. Soon picking it up to see if the phone got damaged somewhere getting worried.

...........end for today...............

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Missing bold shubman in ishan's comment section. 😔