Shubman, with the newly found information about the possibility of having a crush on his own best friend, felt this weird sense of contentment. He knew that this was wrong and that it wouldn't be reciprocated ever, but the thought of this crush, even though one-sided, made him smile to himself more often than he'd like to accept.

"Shubman bhai, pagal toh nahi hogaya hai?" Siraj commented during the breakfast. Rishabh, noticing the way Shuman had suddenly turned deaf, decided to join in the teasing too: "Usko mood swings hore hai; yesterday he was too mad to sit with us a bit longer aur aaj hamare beech sirf sharir hai uska, atma toh stroll pe nikli hai."

This sentence brought the current state of Shubman's wandering consciousness into the limelight. "Shubman....shubman." Virat tried getting his attention, but it was all fruitless. "SHUBMAN." Rohit had finally lost his last straw of patience; really, he wasn't paid enough to deal with this crackhead of a team.

"Haan haan bhai, kya hua?" Shubman was stunned out of his daydreams at that. Now, he looked too innocent to scold. "Kiske khayalo main ghum ho gill?" Ishan asked mischievously, stunning everyone at the table. "It has been so long since I last heard you teasing him, Ishu." Virat said, smiling at Ishan. "bhai. Seriously?" "Mazak Mazak." Virat tried defending himself from Ishan's laser eyes.

"Ek baat puchu?" "Everyone shut up; this is a canon event," Rishabh said more than happy to answer Shubman. "Kya Rishabh bolne de bache ko. Pooch Shubi." Hardik interrupted, trying to save Shubman from Rishabh's teasing.

"Was I in a relationship with someone before losing memories? Or did I like someone?" "Did you come across videos of you and Sara?" Ishan asked very seriously, trying to make sense of Shubman's out-of-the-blue question. "Sara?" Shuman looked and sounded confused.

"Sara Tendulkar?" Ishan supplied trying to be helpful. "Was I in a relationship with her?" Shubman looked quite panicked at that. "No, you weren't. And Ishan, stop confusing the poor man. No, Shubman, you weren't in a relationship with her. You are just shipped with her; people think that you'll are in a relationship, but you'll aren't actually." Hardik provided helpfully.

"But... I have some news: you can be in a relationship with her if you just agree to go on a date with her. That lady would absolutely love you, I promise." Ishan sounded so excited about it that it actually hurt Shubman. "Did I like her?" he asked, genuinely confused. "No, you didn't," Virat casually added.

"To answer you, no, you weren't in a relationship with anyone; although Sara was a PR stunt and you agreed to it, you weren't very keen about going on a date with her, so it was quite clear that you didn't want to date her, and as far as I know, yes, you liked someone; I can't be too sure about it because you never told anyone about it." Rishabh provided helpfully.

"No, he didn't like anyone; what are you even on about?" Ishan said, bringing Rishabh's attention to himself. "Well, he did." Rishabh said, smiling a calm smile. "he did?" Ishan questioned, more to himself than anyone else. "Don't you think I would be the first person he would tell about it if he were to like someone?"

"Well, Ishan, that's the thing; he didn't tell anyone. I just guessed." "Oh." "yeah oh." Laughed Rishabh. "So, you are telling me that I wasn't in a relationship with anyone, but there is a possibility that I liked someone?" "yeah." Shubman looked like he was in deep thought, so everyone decided against disturbing him.

Later, after breakfast, it was time to practice, and the playful banter was shifted to a more serious conversation. Rohit had just spoken with the strategist, and they agreed on certain techniques. Right now, everyone was busy with their own practice, and Shubman had his own coaches who tried to get his stamina and basic practice on track again.

What they made him do was quite similar to what his coaches back home made him do. It was a bit boring for Shubman, but he still tried doing it while putting in his best. 'Is the someone Rishabh mentioned Ishan? Did I like Ishan?' Shubman's thought was brought to Ishan again. Shubman couldn't keep himself from thinking about Ishan for more than 15 minutes.

'What if I liked someone else? I mean, is this feeling towards Ishan just my nerves then? What if I regain my memories? Whom would I like then? Fuckkk, this is actually fucking up my brain.' "Shubman Bhai, are you okay?" Yashasvi brought Shubman's attention away from his inner dilemma, and he looked quite concerned.

"What?" "I have been calling for you for the past 5 minutes. Did you even hear me? Do you need a doctor? Should call Ishan?" "What would Ishan do?" Shubman asked, smiling. "Well, most of your inconveniences just sorts themselves out with the presence of Ishan Bhai, so I thought why not."

And Yashasvi said that with so much innocence that Shubman didn't know how to react anymore, so he just kept looking at him without blinking, scaring the poor boy. "Bhai...?" "Yeah what?" "Are you okay?" "Very well.. why are you here?" "Virat Bhai was asking for you; let's go." He said while guiding Shubman to where Virat was sitting.

"You were asking for me, bhai?" Shubman said as soon as he reached Virat. "Yeah, Shubi, come here and meet the staff." And then Virat started introducing all the staff members to Shubman. He didn't know how to grasp so much information together, but he tried to grasp as much information as possible.

"Try your best and recover as fast as possible; we want to see you play again, Shubman." A sweet-looking woman in her 40's told Shubman. It made his heart go all warm, and he nodded eagerly. "Sushma Aunty is trying to speed Shubman's recovery with sweetness." Ishan came from behind Shubman and commented while smiling, making the lady smile brighter.

Later, Shubman completed his follow-up and was advised to rest for some time. So, he just sat at the bleachers and watched the members practice. He was trying to understand their stance and their gameplay and make the most of this opportunity, but all his brain did was comment on how good Ishan looked while practicing.

'What the fuck, shubman?' He internally scolded himself but couldn't help but wonder if the person he liked was really Ishan. Because there was no way he didn't find this boy charismatic. It was quite literally impossible.

'Should I just ask him?' then he scolded himself again for coming up with such shit ideas. 'Should I ask Shahneel Di? Would she know?' Well, there was only one way to find out, but Shubman was skeptical about it. He was sitting there thinking about what he should do when he saw Ishan walking towards him and wondered what happened. Then he looked again and realized that most of them were walking towards the bleachers.

"You look like you want to ask about something?" Rishabh commented when he reached Shubman. Soon all the other members reached too, and they looked at Shubman after hearing Rishabh. "Well, you know you can ask anything, right?" Ishan provided. "I want to ask something indeed."

"go on." "Well, umhhh, Ishan, well, I wanted to ask you that..." "Can you just ask already? What is up with that awkwardness?" Ishan interrupted, laughing a bit. "Yeah, so, did I always like you?" "What?" Ishan was confused by what Shubman just said, and all the other members were pleasantly surprised.

"Yeah, I mean, I am your best friend. Of course, you liked me always. Or did you not?" Ishan tried to laugh it away, but Shubman and his stupidity had different ideas. "No, no, you got it all wrong. What I mean to ask is have I always had feelings for you, like romantic feelings? Was I romantically into you since before I lost my memories, or have I started losing my mind behind you now?"

"What?" Ishan was too stunned to speak any further, and the bubble popped when Rishabh laughed his heart out. When looked closely, other members were all smiling too; some were teasing, but most of the smiles were happy, sweet smiles. "This shubman is so unhinged, I love it.. hahaha," said Rishabh.

"Yes, Shubi, darling, you always liked him; you just weren't brave enough to tell him that." "What?" Poor Ishan looked like he could faint any moment now. "I was right; the person you said I liked is Ishan, right?" asked Shubman, completely ignoring Ishan's 'What'.

"Yes, it is." Said Rishabh. "Wow, Ishan, you got a person who liked you, lost all his memories about you, and still ended up liking you again," said Virat while smiling at Ishan. "What the actual fuck is going on here?" Ishan had finally lost his last shred of patience.

"It should be quite clear, no? I like you." Shubman went so straightforward that he shocked himself too, along with Ishan. "what?" "Is that the only word you know now?" "I need time to process this. Please excuse me." And Ishan left with that. While the rest just looked at each other with mixed emotions.