The world cup was over.

But the troll it took on everyone's mental health wasn't over.

Don't overthink that's what everyone told him. Yet he's here doing the exact opposite.

Right now ishan is lying on his bed staring at the ceiling. Trying to empty his head. 'It could've been different if they let me play.' 'Would it be any better? Or worse perhaps?' 'Only if i had a chance to play i wouldn't be thinking all that now' but they've already lost now there's no point to think about what different could have happened.

He doesn't even know how the rest of the day went by. Everything around makes him overthinking.

Thankfully ishan got selected to play in 1st t20i match against Aus.

"Still thinking about it?" Shubman says coming back from balcony.

"You yourself isn't doing much better either" ishan huffed.

Shubman dropped beside him, pulling ishan in his arms.

"Let's just go to sleep" shubman says.

Ishan moved closer, shubman smells like his favorite perfume. Soothing, something about smelling his perfume on shubman calms ishan's disturbed mind.

"Good night shubi" ishan buries his face into shubman's neck inhaling deeply.

He smiled when he felt a soft kiss on his forehead.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

It was probably around 7 in the morning when ishan woke up feeling someone running a finger on his chest.

"Should i get a tattoo too?" He heard shubman says.

Ishan finally opened his eyes to see shubman inspecting the tattoo on his chest.

"I think I'll get one on my chest too" shubman continues. "It'll probably hurt a lot right?"

"Can't believe you woke me up to ask about tattoos" ishan groans.

"I'm sorry but we need to get up early though" shubman says playfully ruffling ishan's hair.

"And why do we have to woke up early?" Ishan asks as he shoots a glare at shubman.

"That's the last day we have together do you wanna sleep it away?" Shubman asks acting surprised.

"Then what are the plans for today?" Ishan asks.

Against ishan's will he find himself sitting inside a car.

"We're here" shubman says as he parked the car in front of a shopping mall.

"Seriously shub shopping mall at 11 am" ishan says.

"The prefect time nobody will be there to spot us" shubman continues "say I'm a genius"

"Yes very genius of you to go out shopping the very next day after world cup" ishan says bluntly.

"Am i not allowed to shop now?" Shubman asks whining.

"Let's just go somewhere private" ishan continues "kapde to tune wese bhi mere hi churane hai"

"We already wasted 1 hour driving around" shubman says as the car came to stop for the second time. But this time it was in front of a arcade.

"Lead the way" ishan says as he unbuckled his seatbelt.

"You're really bad at this" shubman laughs at ishan while he try to win the hoops earrings from this claw machine filled with random stuff.

"That was your 8th try ish let's drop it now" shubman murmured.

"I really want those hoops" ishan pouts "and you're breaking my confidence"

"Let me try to get them" shubman says pushing ishan to the side.

After 10th try shubman also give up.

"It's the machine. It's not made for winning" shubman groans.

"God I'm so hungry let's just forget about those stupid hoops" ishan says getting up.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Ishan has a warm smile on his face as he watch shubman talk about random things with those bright eyes and dimples on his cheeks.

Shubman stops talking when they heard a ding on his phone. He picked his phone to check who it was.

Sara

Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!

Text me before departure.

Take care ❤

Shubman

Will do.

"Who are you texting" ishan asks getting curious when he sees shubman typing on his phone.

"Nothing important" shubman continues "so what was i saying?"

"Thor-" ishan got interrupt by shubman.

"Yess why does he have to give up on stormbreaker after getting mjolnir back?" Shubman says getting excited.

"I mean he could live with both?" Shubman says putting food into his mouth. "Why choose one when you can have both"

Ishan shakes his head "mjolnir is his first love! why would he need another one when mjolnir have everything he wants"

"Two is always better than one" shubman slams his hand on table lightly.

"It would be too hard to handle both. Why need more when one is enough" ishan slams both his heads on table too trying to prove his point.

The two of them did not reach the end to this argument. So they decided to end the whole topic.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Currently they are packing their bags.  Well mostly ishan is packing both of their bags shubman is just sitting on the sofa watching him.

"Pack that black shirt of yours for me" shubman says "that blue one too....oh and don't forget your perfume"

"You know what....here take my whole bag with you" ishan says pushing his bag towards shubman.

"Sounds good" shubman says happily taking the bag from ishan.

"You want me to go empty handed" ishan scoffs.

"Come here" shubman says pulling ishan to sit with him.

shubman takes ishan's hand putting something in his palm.

"Ohh my God, Shubi!" Ishan gasps realising it was the hoops he wanted earlier.

"When did you even win those" he questioned.

"I didn't. Got someone to open the claw machine" shubman replied smirking.

"And why didn't i saw you doing that" ishan questioned again.

"You were busy ordering food" shubman replied.

Shubman took the hoops from ishan's hand proceeding to put them in his ears taking off the earrings he was already wearing.

"Wait they'll get worn off soon if i wear them now" ishan continues "I'll keep them for special occasions only"

"Then i will buy you good quality ones if they get worn off." Shubman says making ishan wear those hoops.

"Good quality? Platinum with real diamonds?" Ishan asks getting excited.

Shubman rolled his eyes but ended up nodding and agreeing with him in the end.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

"Everything packed?" Shubman asks.

"Yeah just one more walk around to check" ishan says walking around to see if something is left out of their bag.

The two of them are sitting at the airport. Ishan have his flight first.

"The boarding started for my flight" ishan got up on his feet holding his bag.

"Okay" shubman pulled him closer in a hug, he struggled not to melt into it, hold on tight and forget about his flight.

When they finally separated shubman fluffed his hair foundly looking at him. "Be safe. And text me when you get there, even if you think I'm sleeping or busy. I just feel better knowing you reached"

"Okay i will" ishan promised before snickering. Perhaps his heart flattered a little by shubman's words.

"Goodbye darling" shubman says.

"Don't flirt with me right now, it makes harder to leave you baby" ishan says whining.

"Sorry no flirting" shubman emphasises. But proceed to fly a kiss towards him as he walk to his boarding gate.

Ishan chuckled but that died down soon when shubman wasn't in his view anymore and he was alone.

Interesting how the second he can't see shubman, he feels overwhelming urge to cry.

He doesn't wanna leave today, he doesn't wanna take 5 hour long flight and then go to practice the very same day. He just want to lay down and sleep with shubman in his embrace.

............end for today.............

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

The hoops