Shubman wasdyinginside. He was just one glance at Ishan away from bursting into flames. And it certainly didn't help that the subject of his torment was sitting there, staring at him like Shubman was a walking horror movie.

“It’s not my fault,”Shubman thought to himself. He was only trying to get a rise out of Ishan.

“It kind of is,”his brain supplied.

Okay, Shubman might have deliberately stood half-naked in the room even if he was done showering before Abhishek’s text.

“It’s notentirelymy fault,”he reasoned with his brain. It was Ishan who pulled him into the kiss like his life depended on it.

Why would the boy who refused to acknowledge his existence for three years kiss him suddenly? Was being around Shubman for a week the third strike for him? Did he finally drive Ishan crazy? Well, he could take a little pride in that.

Shubman risked a glance across the table at Ishan and breathed a sigh of relief. The boy seemed engrossed in conversation with Rishabh, the dim lights of the club periodically illuminating his face. Shubman watched as his lips curved around the rim of the glass, his adam’s apple bobbing slightly as he swallowed the liquid.

That brought back the veryvividmemory of those lips against his own not even an hour ago. As much as it hurt Shubman's ego to admit it, the kiss wasn’t bad. At all. It was good. Very good. Mind-blowing… You get the memo. It sent tingles down his spine to imagine his (ex) best friend kissing him breathless, wet and sloppy. It felt like a sin– the sexy kind. Shubman Gill got off on thrill. So, did it really matter if the person was Ishan?What’s in a name, right?

Of course, itmattered. Shubman chided himself, gulping down a shot of his vodka. It was Ishan for fuck’s sake.Ishan, who hated him. Ishan, whom he hated right back. He was also bitter about the fact that they could kiss but not be friends again. Not that he was particularly dying to be Ishan’s friend.

He found his gaze drawn back to the boy, who was now giggling at something Tilak had said. Abhishek joined them, slinging an arm around Ishan's shoulder and tousling his hair. He knew that his best friend was simply trying to make up for lost time with Ishan, but he was Shubman’s best friend too!

He pouted, not wanting to come off as petty. Knowing Abhishek, he'd likely shoot Shubman a disgusted look for wanting his attention and tell him to piss off. With a huff, Shubman got up and tugged at Abhishek's arm.

“What’s up?” The latter asked.

Shubman felt Ishan's eyes tracking him as he pulled Abhishek away from the group. Ignoring it, he dragged his friend to the side.

“Oof, what do you want? I have no money left.”

“Tu jyada chipak raha hai usse,” Shubman said with a scowl.

Abhishek sighed. “Shub, we talked about this. Don’t involve me in your ego fights.”

Shubman fiddled with his thumbs absent-mindedly. “He’s going to take you away from me,” he mumbled.

Shubman glanced up to find Abhishek giving him a deadpan look. “Wouldn’t catch me dead saying that corny shit.”

Shubman pouted. “Meri baatein corny lagne lagi hai? Thik hai, jaa tu uske paas. Sorry I disturbed you.”

Abhishek bit his lip to refrain from smiling as he could practically see Shubman’s dog-ears drooping down. He rolled his eyes, patting the puppy’s head.“Saale kitni nautanki karta hai. Idhar aa.”

Shubman grinned, draping his arms around the other giddily. “You don’t get to replace me, okay?”

“Bete ko kaise replace kar sakta hoon?”

Shubman scoffed but let on a small smile. “Mujhse milne aayega na, Abhi?You know I'm not great with socializing, and the new Vice-Cap just doesn’t get me like you did. And Virat’s always busy with his domestic matches. I don't know how I’m gonna make it this time, honestly.”

Abhishek ruffled his hair comfortingly. “I believe in you, Shub.”

That was enough. Shubman's eyes sparkled with adoration as he nodded at his best friend. "Of course you do, I'm the best anyways.”

Shubman might seem cocky to others but Abhishek could see through him. He was just a young boy who had dreams to chase and expectations to live up to. It was easier to buy some confidence and walk into the room, acting like a narcissist, so that’s what Shubman did. He hated it when people called him perfect.He was vulnerable, he was weak, he was insecure.He was his mother’s son and Ishan’s Shubi. Sometimes, he wished that was enough.

It was a human thing, to suffer. Even more human, to live despite.

“Kishan really took you in, eh? Good for nothing Tilak in a good for nothing team. Now that’s fate.”

Ishan's jaw tensed as he clenched his fists. Tilak nudged him, his expression pleading for calm. "Ignore them. Let’s just go," he whispered.

“They’re being assholes,” Ishan hissed through gritted teeth, his eyes narrowing at the boys from Tilak’s former team.

“You wanna say something, pretty boy?” One of the boys sneered.

Ishan shot him a glare. “Aukaat mein reh, Rohan.”

“Tu dikhayega mujhe meri aukaat?”The boy scoffed, walking up close. “Teri toh dekh hi lenge is season.”

Ishan had always had a short temper. He wasn’t proud of it but not necessarily ashamed of it either, especially in moments like these. His hands clenched around Rohan’s collar, giving him a sharp jerk. "If you want to walk home in one piece,scram," he warned.

"Aw, sho scwawy!” Rohan mocked, leaning in closer. He shoved Ishan, causing him to stumble back. “Let me remind you what a worthless little shit you are.”

Shubman stepped in, catching Ishan mid-action. "Whoa. Feeling feisty, aren't we?" He said cheerfully.  “What’s the problem here, gentleman?”

Tilak fleeted his eyes nervously. “N-Nothing. Bhaiya, let's just get over it and-”

“Tilak, don’t be a fucking pushover!” Ishan exclaimed, causing the other to flinch. “How dare he call us good for nothing?!”

"Did he, now?" Shubman asked, a glint in his eyes. "What else did he say, Ish?"

Ishan resisted the urge to protest the use of the nickname. "I've got this, Gill," he replied instead.

"Whatelsedid he say? Tilak?" Shubman repeated, turning to the boy with an intense gaze.

Tilak shifted on his feet, rubbing his neck nervously. “Um, he called Ishan bhaiya… worthless.”

Shubman clicked his tongue with a nod, turning to face Rohan. “I guess you’ve been rehearsing that in front of the mirror, huh?” He said in a low voice as he stepped closer, easily looming over the guy.

“Well, I can’t complain. Insecurity looks good on you,” He added with a smile.

Rohan bit his lip in embarrassment. Getting into a fight with someone from another Uni wasn't a good idea, especially considering he was on a sports scholarship. He simply tugged at his minions and scurried away.

“Thanks for the help we did not ask,” Ishan said, staring at him with an unimpressed expression.

“You’re welcome, shorty.” Shubman grinned. He couldn't help but note that it was the first time they talked since… the kiss.

Tilak let out a shaky breath as he muttered a small "Thanks" and stormed towards the washroom. Ishan wanted to follow him, but he didn't want to make things overwhelming for the boy. Tilak was a little sensitive about his former mates and, well, life.

So, Ishan looked at Shubman instead.Shubman, who he kissed. He was wondering if he should just leave but then Shubman asked, “Are you okay?”

Ishan was taken aback for a split second. “Why wouldn't I be?”

“Well, he shoved you.”

Ishan snorted. “And what am I, a flower?”

Shubman shot him a lopsided smile. “Yeah, a very pretty flower.”

Ishan mocked a gagging noise, prompting the other to chuckle. Shubman’s dedication toinfuriatehim was impressive.

“Buy me a drink,” Shubman said, pulling him by the hem of his sleeve.

“What the fuck for?”

“For saving you.”

“Big bullies, so scary!” Ishan snorted. “I wonder why yousavedme, Shubman?”

Shubman paused before saying, “He doesn’t have the right to hurt you.”

“And you do?” Ishan asked before he could stop himself.Stupid.

Shubman didn’t reply. Couldn't.

“Why did you kiss me?” He asked instead.

Any trace of vulnerability on Ishan's face was replaced by shock. “W-Why would you say that? I didn’t kiss you, I mean- I didn'twantto kiss you.”

Shubman raised an amused eyebrow. “What else? You wanted topunchme? With your lips? On my lips?”

Ishan blushed furiously as he fumbled with his words. “I- I thought- I thought you were Aditi! Yeah, that's it.”

Shubman barked out a genuine laugh. “I know you're bad at lying but that takes the cake.” He wiped away a tear. “Did mylack of breastsremind you of her? Or was it my verymanlymuscles? Or was itmy facethat you’ve seen everyday for years? Quite insulting for your girlfriend.”

Ishan felt like his face was on fire. Why did he always have to speak without thinking?Stupid. He cleared his throat, “She's not my girlfriend.”

Shubman blinked. “O…kay. Thanks for clearing that up, I guess?”

Ishan chewed on his lip as he fleeted his eyes across the club, trying to spot his friends but they were nowhere in sight.

“Does Abhi know that you kissed the person youhatethe most in the entire world?” Shubman asked with a smirk.

Ishan froze. “Y-You didn't tell him, right?”

Shubman shrugged. “Not yet. But I don't keep secrets from my best friend, you know?”

Dread took over Ishan’s face immediately. Abhishek couldn't know, at any cost. Shubman would obviously put the blame on Ishan and Abhishek wouldbelievehim. He’d be so disgusted. He’d leave Ishan again.

“You wouldn't dare,” Ishan snarled.

Shubman looked satisfied with his reaction. He leaned on his elbows over the bar counter. “Is that a challenge?”

In the past, Ishan would have caught onto Shubman’s empty threat and they would have laughed it off. In the past, Ishan would've known what was going through Shubman's mind with one glance at the boy. But now, he wasn't too sure.

This Shubman could save him or completely ruin him.

Ishan’s breath hitched at the realization. “Please, don’t.”

Shubman frowned at the soft, pleading voice. But he held his composure, keeping the smug look on his face.

“What's in it for me?”

Ishan squeezed his eyes shut, sensing his self respect slipping away. “I’ll do anything you want.”

Shubman would have to justify it to himself when he would be lying in his bed later at night and rethinking his life decisions. But right now, his heart was racing to see Ishan’s reaction as he spoke his next words.

“Kiss me then.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:the flashbacks are standalones and they do not precede or follow any chapter. btw abhishek doesn’t know shubman’s gay.

im officially convinced that is saal kuch bhi ho sakta hai. jis bhagwan ne RCB ko trophyjeetwadi, usne mere liye bhi kuch sochke rakha hi hoga <3