“What?” Ishan felt his mouth go dry.

“Kiss me then.”

“I heard you the first time.”

“Or shouldIkiss you?” Shubman grinned as he drew closer. “That would be fair, no?”

“No.” Ishan’s glare practically shot daggers at him.

“But you said you’d doanything.” Shubman let out a dramatic sigh. “Come on, be a good boy now.”

Ishan scrunched his nose, shaking his head to himself. “I don’t have any patience left to put up with your bullshit. Why do you even want to… do it again?”

“I don’twantto,” Shubman said after a pause. “I just think it’s not fair that you did whatever you wanted and I had to stand with your tongue inside my mouth.”

Ishan winced, a pang of shame washing over him. It was probably for the guilt that he couldn’t point out that Shubman had kissed him back, very enthusiastically so.

"Sorry about that. I wasn't thinking straight," he mumbled.

“Clearly.” Shubman snorted. He didn't want an apology, but he also didn't want to admit that hewantedto kiss Ishan. So he figured he had to prod the guy more. “But I thought you would man up to your actions, Ish.”

Sue Shubman and his guilt-tripping ways. Ishan pursed his lips, the jabs gnawing at his head. He couldn't deny that Shubman had a point; itwashis fault. Plus, it stung that he couldn't come up with a valid excuse. So he sighed and nodded begrudgingly.

“Only once, right?”

Shubman shot him an amused smile. “You should be worried about wanting more, darling.”

“Don’t call me that,” Ishan hissed as he looked around nervously. “I’m not doing it here.”

“OMG, are you taking me home tonight?” Shubman fluttered his lashes.

“I don't think Mayank would appreciate you kissing me in ourhome,” Ishan scoffed. “Come on.”

Shubman trailed him into the restroom, quietly slipping into a stall, his heart pounding louder than he wished. Ishan shifted on his feet awkwardly before looking up at the boy. "Do it," he muttered, squeezing his eyes shut.

Shubman chuckled softly, gently cradling Ishan's jaw with his left hand. “Relax, darling. I’m not gonna eat you. Though we could arrange that if you want?”

Ishan opened his eyes, shooting an annoyed look. “Can you just kiss me and get it over-”

“Impatient much?” Shubman mumbled before joining their lips. The familiar heat returned immediately when Ishan gasped into his mouth, practically melting as Shubman forced his way inside. His hands wrapped around the smaller guy, pulling his waist closer.

"Ah, that's it," Ishan whispered, drawing back, his dazed eyes meeting Shubman's hungry gaze.

“I decide when we stop, yeah?” Shubman asserted before pulling him closer. He didn't mind Ishan clutching his shirt, his fists tight as if he couldn't breathe – which was technically true.

"Mmph." Ishan didn’t realize as he lurched closer to Shubman, their groins brushing against each other. With a moan, the latter slipped his hands into Ishan’s hair, deepening the kiss even further.

Shubman's fingers trailed down to Ishan's nape, sending shivers down his spine. “Fuck, I can’t… anymore…” Ishan huffed in between ragged breaths.

Shubman's gaze lingered on Ishan's lips, still moist from their kiss. They glistened under the soft light, plump and inviting. Shubman regretted not biting them, that would have probably earned him avery deliciousmoan from the other. However, Shubman pulled back his hands, leaving Ishan blushing and feeling flustered.

"We’re even now." Ishan broke the silence, fleeting his eyes away from Shubman's stare.

Shubman nodded, his hand moving to unlock the door with a click. He stepped out first, clearing his throat. He really will never learn what to say after making out with someone. He glanced back at Ishan who followed suit, a mix of relief and confusion painted over his face.

“You might want to wash your face,” Shubman said. “Looks like you sucked a dick.”

Ishan gaped, flushing furiously. “Do you really have to say it like that?!”

Shubman shrugged, slipping his hands into his pockets as Ishan walked over to the basin. He debated if he should leave, but then decided against it.

“I won’t tell Abhi, in case you were wondering,” Shubman spoke, rubbing his neck.

Ishan didn’t reply, focusing on the cool water running over his hands. He cupped his palms and splashed water onto his face, rubbing his cheeks as if he could scrub away the redness.

“Do you not trust me, Ish?” He heard Shubman speak again.

“I don’t think I need to answer that.”

“You know it’s fair what we just did. Y-You kissed me first so-”

It was the first time Shubman sounded hesitant. Ishan turned around, grabbing a paper towel to dab his face dry before tossing it into the bin.

“You know that’s not what I’m talking about,” he finally said.

Shubman's shoulders visibly slumped, but he managed to maintain his composure. “Get over it already, Ishan.”

Ishan clenched his fists, his jaw tightening. Who did Shubman think he was? He had no right to tell Ishan to‘get over it’.Not him. Not when he was the reason Ishan had more sleepless nights than he could count. But the last thing he wanted was to have a meltdown before Shubman, so he walked past, only to pause as their shoulders brushed against each other.

“I meant what I said that day, Shubman.” Ishan felt his heart break a little as he looked into the other’s eyes. “You can beg your whole life, but I willneverforgive you.”

Shubman looked away before his eyes could blur. He cleared his throat, feeling a tight knot forming in it. “I don’t want it. I just wish you’d understand why I did what I did.”

"It's a bit late for that now, isn’t it?" Ishan murmured with a faint smile.

“Good luck for the tournament,” Shubman barely whispered before Ishan walked out.

"We can't find Tilak," Mayank said as soon as he caught sight of Ishan.

"What?" Ishan's frown deepened, a sense of unease settling in. “God, I totally forgot about him.”

Rishabh quirked an eyebrow. “Weren't you with him?”

“I w-was but then he ran to therestroom-” Ishan felt his words die in his throat. “Fuck.”

“What happened?”

“I fucked up.” Ishan felt his heart throbbing as he made his way back to the restroom, Mayank and Rishabh trailing him.

As Ishan burst open the door, the first thing he noticed was Shubman, who was still there, and then a sobbing voice, most probably of Tilak who was in one of the stalls that Ishan could have sworn was empty ten minutes ago. Ishan’s gaze locked immediately with Shubman’s, who looked equally shaken as him.

Mayank and Rishabh rushed to the stall, concern etched on their faces as they banged on his door. Ishan quickly approached Shubman. “Tilak. Did he…?”

"I have n-no idea, he-" Shubman's voice trembled slightly as he ran his fingers through his hair nervously.

"Calm down," Ishan hushed. "Maybe he just got here-"

"No," Shubman snapped, cutting him off. "I didn’t leave after you, and then I heard him.”

Ishan reached out to rub gentle circles on Shubman’s back, trying to comfort him. “Breathe, it’s okay. It’s just Tilak, I can talk to him.”

Shubman nodded shakily as they walked closer to the others. Mayank, with a frustrated sigh, kicked the door harshly, causing the sobbing to momentarily stop. Then the lock clicked open, revealing a sniffling Tilak.

His eyes widened as he saw them. “What are you all doing here?”

“Why the fuck are you crying? Did someone bully you again?” Mayank asked.

“What are you saying, Bhaiya?Zor se bolo na.”

“Kaan se nikaal ye pehle,” Rishabh muttered, pulling away his earphones. “Background music lagake rota hai kya bey?”

Ishan let out a breath of relief, glancing at Shubman, who seemed torn between laughter and tears. Ishan turned to Tilak, ruffling his hair. “Sorry, I shouldn't have left you alone. Do you want to talk?”

Mayank blinked. “Give us the context, someone.”

Ishan decided against explaining them. Mayank was a hot-head and if it reached Hardik’s ears somehow, a fight would break out. He shook his head, “I’ll handle it. You all get out.”

“What? If something’s serious, we should know it too,” Rishabh complained.

Ishan shot him a sharp look. “Rishu.”

“Okay, Captain.” Rishabh raised his hands before dragging Mayank and Shubman out of the restroom.

Ishan sighed, offering a paper towel to the bleary-eyed boy. “A few words shouldn't affect you this much, Tillu,” he said softly.

“I know. I just- I’ve always been a little sensitive and I hate it but they always manage to provoke me. God, I’m a fucking loser.”

Ishan wasn’t sure whom Tilak reminded him of – Shubman or himself.

“Yeah, you are.”

“W-what?” Tilak looked up nervously.

“That’s a loser mindset there,” Ishan said. “Coach says that you are what you think.”

Tilak bit his lip, wiping away his tears. “I just can’t help it sometimes.”

Ishan smiled. “Then letushelp you, idiot. That’s what a team is for.”

Tilak felt hot tears forming again before he hugged Ishan tightly. “Bhaiya, I swear I try my best. I don’t know why the results won’t show.”

Ishan patted Tilak's back comfortingly. "Then that's a sign to keep trying. There’s never enough of a reason to quit."

Tilak pulled back slightly, his eyes still brimming with tears. "B-but what if I can’t make it?"

"You won’t if you think you can’t," Ishan reassured him, his voice firm. “Do you trust me?”

“More than anything.”

Ishan smiled, gently pulling him out of the stall. “I can’t save you from falling, Tilak. You can’t learn to walk if I do. But I promise I’ll make sure that if you fall, you fall forward.”

Tilak nodded, letting out a wry chuckle. “You know, I was bad at basketball because I used tobreathecricket.”

“I know.” Ishan smiled. “I can tell when someone intentionally messes up their footwork.”

“Ah.” Tilak rubbed his neck sheepishly. “Don’t you want to know why I…?”

Ishan shrugged. "Not really. You must have had your reasons. But you know what they say?" He flashed a toothy grin at the other, his eyes sparkling. “You can take the man out of the sport, not the sport out of the man.”

Tilak choked back a sob, not wanting to get emotional again. “Yeah,” he smiled. “I’m glad it didn’t.”

Mayank and Rishabh exchanged matching smiles as they leaned away from the restroom walls, before walking away, tugging Shubman along.

“Man, isn't Ishan the best Captain ever?” Mayank beamed.

“He is,” Shubman muttered with a soft smile.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:Sherly_punkedle tera update, dil ke dard ko kam karle </3

kal se ipl, seasonal depression ki mkc. whom are you guys supportingtmmrw? mera toh csk ofc but virat ki khushi mein bhi meri khushi hai 🥰