•ISHAN KISHAN•

My head is literally exploding with pain; it feels like someone is hammering it.

"Aahhh, my head is spinning," I say to no one in particular.

Someone is hovering over me, but I don't know who; my vision is blurry, and opening my eyes fully hurts a lot.

"This hurts so bad," I try massaging my head.

"Wait," comes a voice from the person present in the room, but I can't recognize it, as my head is buzzing. Literally.

I can hear some rummaging noise, but I still don't bother to open my eyes.

Someone puts a pill in my mouth followed by a sip of water. I gulp it down, still not bothering to open my eyes. After a few seconds, someone lifts my head and puts it in their lap. My head rests against that person's thigh, and I feel a gentle pressure on my temples. I am getting a head massage.

While receiving the massage, I realize one thing: I am currently lying on a hard, cool floor. But how did I end up here? Also, why don't I remember anything from last night?

All I remember is chatting with Shreyas and Hardik bhai; everything after that is a blank memory. How I ended up sleeping on the floor is also a mystery.

The massage I'm receiving from the person in the room feels good, and the pain is subsiding.

After I don't know how long, the person speaks. "Does it feel any better?" This time, I recognize the voice. It's Shubman.

"Yeah, it feels better," I say, finally opening my eyes and looking at him.

"How did you get that?" I ask, pointing toward his forehead. There is a purple-ish bruise there, not to mention that my head is still on his lap.

He touches the bruise and hisses a little, indicating it might have pained. "This... ah, you won't believe me, but I got it because of you."

"Because of me?" I sit up, facing him, because having a conversation with my head in his lap is kind of awkward.

"Yeah."

"How?"

"You don't remember anything?"

Why is he saying it as if I've done something ominous?

"No, I don't. What happened last night?"

He sighs and starts narrating last night's events. "You got drunk last night. Shreyas asked me to drop you off at your room, but somehow you ended up in the garden. Then, you went on a rant there...."

Oh, don't tell me I did or said anything embarrassing.

He continues, "And this," he points towards his bruise, "In your sleep, you pulled my head with such force that I ended up banging my forehead on the wall."

"Seriously?" Whatever he's saying is quite unbelievable.

"Yeah."

"I'm sorry."

"And not just that, when I tried waking you up, you punched on my nose."

"I'm sorry, again."

"Were you dreaming about WWE?" He asks with a serious expression.

I ignore his question and ask, "But how did I end up on the floor?"

"I want to ask the same question. How did you end up here? You were on the bed with me"

"With you?"

"Did I forget to tell you that, you didn't let go of my hand, and even tightens your grip, so I had no choice but to sleep with you"

Okay, this is quite embarrassing. I banged his head, punched him on the nose, and also didn't let go of his hand. What must he be thinking about me?

But despite all this, he helps me and even gives me a head massage, which actually helps with the pain. So sweet of him, and now I feel like an asshole for ignoring him. I don't know whether to say thank you or sorry again.

"I am sorry and thank you," his expression softens. He gets up from the floor and gives me his hand. I take it and get up too.

"You should take a shower now; you'll feel good."

"Your massage helped a lot. Thank you, Shubman," I say sincerely.

He just looks at me with a slight smile and nods his head. After I come out from the shower, he is sitting on the bed, reading something on the phone. He looks up and asks, "Do you need lemonade or something?" I search and find that it helps with a hangover.

"Nope, I am all good now."

We both make our way to the hall area, where everyone is seated, someone is explaining them something. That someone is Nia and she is explaining the whole fake dating scenario to them. No one in the teams knew about it, but now they do.

Of course, the team has to know. Nia completes her speech, gives Shubman a quick acknowledging nod, and leaves.

As the whole thing registers in their brains, their expressions start changing - some become serious, some teasing, and some amused.

It looks like Surya, Yuzi, and Hardik bhai are seconds away from laughing their hearts out. And why not? If I were in their position, I would laugh too at the absurdity of the situation.

And I can sense the teasing coming in three... two... one -

"Look, here come the lovebirds," Bhuvi bhaiya starts.

"Yeah, yeah, THE IT COUPLE OF ICT," how can Yuzi bhaiya miss a chance to tease, huh? Especially when it comes to the juniors of the team.

"And guess what, Shubman was handling his drunk boyfriend yesterday," Hardik bhaiya announces with a teasing smile.

"Look at the height difference. Is it just a coincidence that they have such a cute height difference?" How can Shardul Bhai not say anything in this situation?

"Okay, okay, stop it now," Virat bhaiya protests in our favor.

"Vo naye naye couple hain Sharma jayenge." Phew! So much to expect from Virat bhaiya.

Everyone snickers and gives us teasing looks, and we just stand there, being the subject of their entertainment.

~~~

Me : It feels like I am moving on from the world cup heartbreak.

Instagram with that one well edited reel of 19th November heartbreak:

Khada hoon Aaj bhi wahi 🧍......