Ishan is feeling grateful today. He got to play, scored a half century india won. Everyone is happy. What else can he ask for? Well he still haven't received a reply from shubman it's been a whole day.

Ishan

The match is about to startSent: 06:30 pm

Voice callNot answered 06:40 pm

Answer the call!Sent:06:41 pm

Are you busy?Sent:06:41 pm

Are you watching?Sent: 06:50 pm

We won!!Sent: 10:00 pm

Ishan throw his phone on bed after seeing still no reply from other side.

He was deep into his thoughts when he heard a knock on his door.

"Who's this?" He asks walking towards the door.

"There's a delivery for you sir" a man replied when ishan opened his door.

"Ohh what's that" he questioned again taking the huge box from delivery guy.

"I don't know sir i was just told to delivery it to you" the delivery guy replied.

"Okay then thank you" ishan says walking closing the door behind him.

He smiled as he open the box to find his favorite cake and more snacks in it. With a note 'you deserve it baby.'Just by looking at it he knew who sent it.

He picked up his phone after hearing a ding. Soon followed by a ring.

"Sorry" he hard shubman say from other side. "I got busy with stuff but i watched your highlights"

"Ohh you did?" Ishan asks smile appearing on his face unknowingly.

"Yess! You were looking so hot hitting those shots" shubman says in a flirtatious manner.

"Don't be soo cheeky that too after sending all these." ishan scoffs.

"Sent what?" Shubman asks confused.

"All those snacks and a whole ass cake" ishan whines.

"I didn't send anything.....don't eat any of those who knows what's in it!" Shubman shouts.

"You ate already didn't you?" Shubman sighs after not getting a response from ishan.

"Just a bit. the cake was looking delicious and i thought you sent it" ishan continues with a hint of panic in his voice "there was a note also 'you deserve it baby' who else would call me baby?"

"I would" the door opened ishan looked up to see tilak walking in.

"Wait don't eat that cake i have no idea who sent it" ishan stops tilak. Seeing how he was about to take a bite.

"Who do you think would send those after seeing you down all day?" Tilak says winking at him.

"Wait he send-" ishan heard shubman say.

"God it scared the shit out of me" ishan continues chuckling "next time tell me before sending anything"

"Then how it will be a surprise?" tilak joins ishan into laughter.

"I'm still here guys" shubman says trying to get their attention.

A coldness dragged at ishan's chest when he realised it wasn't shubman who sent those. He feels a little disillusioned with that fact.

"Oh....i forgot you were on line" ishan says.

"DID I JUST MAKE YOU FORGET ABOUT SHUBMAN GILL?" tikal shouts "a cake and you forgot about shubman"

"I might be sending you a cakes everyday from now on" tikal says grinning.

"You forgot me over a cake? That hurts not gonna lie" shubman says dramatically.

"You forgot about me whole day, do you see me complaining?" ishan says sounding bitter.

"I....um I'm sorry. I told you i got busy with s- stuff... if i ever do that next time I'll buy you two cakes if that makes you happy?" Shubman says.

"Well what about today? You want me to let it slide?" Ishan snarked.

"How can i make it up to you then?" Shubman swallowed.

"Figure it out yourself" ishan says ending the call.

"So all that feeling down since morning was because of him not responding to your text?" tilak speaks.

"You know what I'm gonna do with this cake now?" Ishan says looking at the cake then at tilak.

"Don't you dare!" Tikal shouts running for his life.

в–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺ

"No one can escape when there's a cake in my hand" ishan says smirking.

"You motherfucker i bought it for you to get it all over my body?" Tilak whines.

"You know we aren't allowed to eat too much of it. Had to have the most fun out of it" ishan said.

Ishan see his phone screen go bright.

Shubman

Let's watch a movie tonight?

Ishan

Sorry i already got plans with tilak.

Shubman

Are you seriously ditching me for him?

Ishan

Am i?

He asked me for a movie night fisrt

Goodnight sleep well.

"Wanna watch a movie tonight?" Ishan asks tilak. When he saw him coming out of bathroom.

"Sounds good. What are we watching?" tilak walks towards the sofa.

After deciding what to watch ishan took a picture of TV screen real quick posting it on his story mentioning tikal's account.

'What a petty behavior ishan kishan' he laughed at himself taking one last glance at his phone screen.

в–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺв–ӘпёҺ

Ishan did not get a single hour of sleep last night to say the least. He had been overthinking again. He thinks about what mayank said to him about keeping some distance. Maybe he should work on that, look at him he even lost his sleep over something so small. He Keep checking his phone hoping for a text from certain someone.

When he finally sees one he's more pissed off then before.

Shubman

Good morning ishh

Did you sleep well?

Unfortunately that's all he can see from his notification window. He have to open the chat to read the rest. He looked at the notifications thinking if he should open the rest. He ended up opening the chat.

Shubman

Good morning ishh

Did you sleep well?

I'm sorry for not replying to your text yesterday

It will never happen again

Hope you had a good time with tikal :)

Ishan scoffs as he reads the last line. Feeling petty for himself and guilty for shubman. But that does not mean he have forgiven him. How dare he text him so casually like ishan will forget everything. Couldn't he be more thoughtful and send him a apology as big as his height? But no he just wants to guilt trip ishan.

..........end for today............

.

.

.

.

Any song recommendation that remind y'all of ishman? I need to make a playlist that screams "ishman" рҹҳ©