Ishan was grateful that he did not have to put up with Shubman’s overbearing presence for the rest of the month. With the tournament keeping everyone on their toes, there wasn't much time for anything else. They won their first two games, which was a good start to the season. Despite everything seemingly falling into place, Ishan couldn't help but feel a bit on edge, like the simmering heat of a summer day waiting for a sudden downpour to break the tension.

But it was matchday and he did not want useless doubts clouding up his mind, so he tried to distract himself by watching replays of Shubman’s previous games. Not out of curiosity or interest. They had their third match withMeridanso he was looking for any last-minute details he could pick up. The last timeSummitplayed with them, Ishan wasn’t the captain while Shubman was. So there wasn’t much Ishan could do when it came to convincing his seniors that he could predict the shots Shubman was going to play.

Shubman greeted Ishan with his all-knowing,obnoxioussmirk when they met for the toss– whichMeridianwon and chose to bat first.

"Ready to lose?" Shubman teased as they strolled back to the pavilion.

Ishan flashed a strained smile. "You wish."

Shubman chuckled, his eyes sparkling mischievously. "Let's spice things up a bit, shall we?"

Ishan eyed him suspiciously. "What’re you upto?"

"Just a little fun," Shubman replied casually. "Scared?"

"Hell, no. Spit it out.”

Shubman grinned, a familiar glint in his eye. "If I win—"

"Wait, I'm calling the shots first," Ishan interrupted. Rolling his eyes, Shubman relented, allowing the boy to speak.

“You'll have to admit in today's post-match interview that you're jealous of my skills,” Ishan declared with a smirk.

Shubman wasn't sure how to feel about Ishan thinking Shubman needed to lose a bet to admire him (from a professional point of view of course).

“You can just tell me if you want me to praise you, Ish.”

Ishan shot him an unimpressed stare before silently mouthing a "fuck you." Shubman couldn't help but notice (and feel a little giddy about it) that Ishan no longer scolded him for calling himIsh. He drew his eyes away from the shorter boy and rubbed his neck awkwardly, scanning the ground to find a decent number of people in the stands.

“If I win, you’ll have to unblock me,” Shubman said softly.

That took Ishan by surprise. “W-Why?”

Shubman abruptly stopped in his tracks, his unreadable eyes staring at Ishan. The crowd disappeared for a moment and the excited chatters in the air faded out. Ishan felt suffocated under the weight of the undivided attention. Why was Shubman like this? One moment, he was hurling insults, and the next, he was gazing at Ishan as if he were the moon.

Ishan despised it. He loathed the faint hope in Shubman’s eyes.

Shubman finally smiled, breaking off the tension. “So that I can annoy you without having to travel hours.”

Ishan scoffed, looking away. “Whatever, Gill.”

Blocking Shubman after the fight was the right thing to do. Ishan did not want to see the string of ‘sorrys’ and ‘I love yous’ that he knew would chip away at the walls he was starting to build around himself. It was hard, incredibly so. When he stopped talking to his best friend, it was as if he stopped breathing. Shubman was his oxygen, hishabit. You shouldn't make a habit out of a person.

What did hurt was the fact that Shubman didn’t even try to make things right. Not like Ishan expected him to, anyway.

“It’s okay, isn’t it? We have two games under our belt,” Tilak said as his eyes nervously fleeted around the quiet dressing room.

“It’s not that we lost, Tillu.” Rishabh sighed, glancing at Ishan. “We lost toMeridian. That always stings more than a normal loss.”

“I should have played it safer,” Rohit grumbled as he scratched his thigh pad idly.

“Let’s not beat ourselves down,” Ishan finally spoke. “It is no one’s fault, luck wasn’t on our side today. We’ll definitely win the next one.”

Mayank’s expression softened. “Ish, are you okay?”

Ishan nodded curtly, he did not want to answer that in front of everyone. They did not deserve a captain who held his personal grudges higher than the what mattered for the team. He cleared his throat before grinning, “We’ll beat their asses in the finals, yeah?”

Hardik grinned back, slapping Ishan’s back. “What the Cap says, boys. Let's focus on reaching the finals first.”

Rohit smiled, watching Ishan trying to motivate the young boys. He turned to Hardik, “Sach sach bata, tu kiski taraf se khel raha tha? Runs toh tune unko zyada diye.”

Hardik shot him an apologetic look. “Um, Ro. Let me treat you to vada pav?”

Rohit sighed, rubbing his temples. “This is not going to work everytime but… BOYS! HARRY’S TREATING TONIGHT!”

"Oi, not everyone— ugh. Fine! Tillu, don't bite me!" Hardik attempted to fend off the boys who clung to him like hungry wolves, pulling him outside.

Abhishek chuckled, standing back and draping an arm around Ishan. "Hey, let’s go watch Shub’s interview.”

Ishan scrunched his nose in distaste. “I don’t want to see his face.”

“I’m not gonna lie, bro, that sounds kinda petty,” Mayank quipped, shooting Ishan a playful grin.

Abhishek shot a pleading look as he said, “Please, please, please?”

Ishan clicked his tongue. “Okay.”

Shubman breezed through the questions, sporting his usual game face, though Ishan could see the tiredness in his eyes. Abhishek happily snapped a pic of Shubman, earning an eye roll from Ishan. As the interview carried on, Ishan felt a mix of irritation and intrigue. Why did Shubman talk so much? It's not like he won the finals, tch.

"Any remarks on the opposition?" the presenter inquired. Ishan's ears perked up at the question. He anticipated Shubman to highlight their weaknesses, mentally noting to keep them in mind.

Shubman smiled as he brought the mic closer to his mouth. “Ah, we have always loved a good rivalry withSummit. They definitely built the pressure we needed to drive forward. I think their captain did a great job on field; it was hard to find gaps at a point. Admirable effort.”

Ishan gaped at the scene. Shubman had a few screws loose, he concluded. Ignoring the shocked expressions of Abhishek and Mayank, Ishan shook his head to himself.

“You got it on cam, right?” Mayank asked, still in disbelief.

“Y-Yeah,” Abhishek nodded. “Um, wow.”

Ishan turned on his feet when he heard Shubman calling out his name. That only made him walk faster, which Shubman wasn’t going to stand and accept. He followed Ishan towards the exit, refusing to be ignored. He grabbed Ishan’s hand when he finally caught up. “Why would you make me chase after you? I’m already tired,” he huffed.

“Who told you to chase me?Jab karna chahiye tha tab toh kiya nahi,” Ishan muttered.

Shubman leaned closer to the shorter boy, exhaling a sigh of relief when he realized that Ishan wasn't mad at him. He couldn’t read Ishan’s mood swings anymore, so he treaded carefully.

“Um, did you hear…?”

Ishan rolled his eyes. “That was unnecessary. You won the bet.”

Shubman's gaze softened as he involuntarily reached out to brush away the curls framing Ishan's forehead. Ishan stared at him with a frown. “Are you going to talk or not?”

“Right.” Shubman pulled back, diving his hands in his pocket. “I won, huh? So you know what you have to do now.”

Ishan clenched his jaw in annoyance. “First tell me why did you put on that act just now?”

Shubman wanted to smack the guy but shrugged instead. “Gotta show them how humble I am.”

Ishan snorted at that. “Thanks though,” he added reluctantly.

Shubman grinned. “Come on, unblock me now.”

“I don't use a phone,” Ishan replied flatly as he started walking away.

Suddenly, Shubman grabbed him roughly, causing them both to stumble and fall to the ground. “Why are you so strong?” Ishan groaned, rubbing his calf.

“So that I can manhandle you,” Shubman joked.

Ishan shot him a glare before attempting to get up, but Shubman's grip tightened, pulling him back onto his lap. “What are you doing?” Ishan hissed.

“Unblock me. Right now.”

“Oof, I just told you. I don't use-”

“Instagram kya T.V. se chalata hai?” He demanded.

Ishan paused, frowning. “Were you stalking me?”

“Don’t change the topic!”

Ishan let out an exasperated sigh, raising his hands in surrender. "Fine, I'll unblock you. Just let me go now."

"You're going nowhere until you do it in front of my eyes," Shubman insisted, a playful smirk tugging at his lips.

“What the hell?” Ishan scowled. “Fine. Let's see how long your sore muscles last.”

Shubman wrapped his arms around Ishan's waist, pulling him closer, their bodies pressed together as he locked eyes with Ishan. "Oi, what are you doing? Let me go," Ishan grunted as he shifted on Shubman's lap.

Shubman leaned in closer, whispering into Ishan's ear, "If you keep moving so much, things are going to get bigger."

"Bigger? Wha— Oi, oi, oi. Don't mess around," Ishan yelped, smacking Shubman's chest as he chuckled breathily.

“Ow, how are your tiny hands so brute?!” Shubman laughed as they toppled over, landing in a sprawled position on the ground. Ishan couldn't help but burst into giggles too.

They looked into each other’s eyes, everything else fading into the background. Shubman shot him a toothy grin, warm and full of mirth. His dimples dipped as he said, “Unblock karde na, meri jaan.”

Ishan’s breath hitched at the endearment; he hadn’t realized how much he missed hearing it. No one else called him that. ‘Meri jaan’ was reserved for only the two of them, for each other. Ishan felt a crack in his walls.

“Shubi,” He whispered without realizing.

Shubman practically melted at the soft tone, his heart swelling with warmth. In that moment, he wanted nothing more than to pull Ishan into a tight hug and hold him forever. But Ishan pulled back before that, standing up hurriedly.

“Ish…”

Ishan cleared his throat, his eyes darting around nervously. "Let's go back, they must be waiting for us," he said, a hint of unease in his voice.

Shubman nodded, letting on a small smile. The air between them fell into a comfortable silence until he heard Ishan mutter, “I’m saving your contact asPrinceFuckhead.”

And you know what? Shubman didn’t even mind it.

PrinceFuckhead

omg you really did itthanks djakkadjumthat was a moment of weaknessmy badhi

Ishan snorted as he saw the notifications pop up. He debated if he should leave him onseenbut his fingers worked against his will.

you

go to sleep, shubi.

Shubman let out a small squeal, earning a pillow hitting his face.

"Shut up and let me sleep, Gill," Yashasvi grumbled, his voice muffled from beneath his blanket.

Shubman ignored his roommate and grinned like an idiot at the screen, staring at the single text from Ishan.

Maybe. Just maybe. He could do it right this time. Hope was a terrible thing, after all.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:my heart is so full after all the ishman moments we got on sunday. i think i’ve seen almost every angle of the scenes andykw? i was so right that shubman is the whipped one. just look at him, following ish around like a puppy. he literally stuck to him like a glue. nah dude i refuse to believe this is the man fanfics write as cold and cruel. have you seen the way he looks at ish??? it’s the most overwhelmingly fond expression if i’ve ever seen one. real or not, ishman is the definition of soulmates. like i say, they are beyond love.