Ishan regretted unblocking Shubman the moment he woke up to ten texts from the boy for the seventh day in a row.

Prince Fuckhead

did you see my pull shotit was good rightright????????ofc it was goodim better than you anywaywydcan you slap abhi for mehe’s teasing me about my interview :(don't ignore mei want to destroy you in the finalyou have to win the semis tomorrow

Ishan rubbed his temples in agitation. He simply replied to the last text with“of course we will”and tossed his phone aside. Why was Shubman acting like they were friends? Unblocking didn't mean Ishan let him back in his life.

‘You have, though,’ his brain whispered.

Ishan couldn't entirely deny that. He hadn't realized it, but Shubman was slowly starting to make his way back into his life.

He was not sure how to feel about it. Did he hate it? Yes. Did he hate it enough to block him again? No. That was frustrating.

“What’s up, babygirl?”

Ishan shot an annoyed glare at his best friend before saying, “Tell Abhi that Shubi’s whining about the recording.”

“Shubi?!”Mayank gasped dramatically. “Did you just- oh my god, are youtalkingto him?”

Ishan rolled his eyes, waving off dismissively. “He’s talking, I’m ignoring.”

Mayank grinned from ear to ear, plopping down beside Ishan. “But youunblockedhim. Wow, did him praising you that day hit a nerve?”

“Ugh. Can we not talk about him first thing in the morning?” Ishan shrugged off the other’s hand and stood up.

Mayank grinned, not ready to let the topic slip. “What do you two talk about? Don’t say something boring like Star Wars.”

“Abhi’s going to love you for that.” Ishan rolled his eyes as he ran his fingers through his hair, standing in front of the mirror. “Shubi- ugh.Shubman. Shubman is even more annoying in texts, can you believe it?”

“I can actually.”

"He texts at the most ungodly hours. I wonder if he doesn’t sleep very well. Sometimes, he even sends a photo of his breakfast. What am I supposed to do with that? Well, the least annoying thing so far is probably when he talks about his matches.”

Mayank barely bit his smile as he said, “Ishan, you’re rambling.”

Ishan ignored him and continued to brush his hair, checking himself out in the mirror. “Wehaveto beat them in the finals,” he said with a serious tone.

“If we make it past the semis,” Mayank replied quietly.

Ishan huffed, turning to him with a scowl. “What did I say about having self-esteem?”

Fidgeting with his fingers, Mayank nodded. Ishan walked up to him with a sigh and placed a comforting hand on his back. “Kya hua, Mayu?”He asked softly.

Mayank shook his head, managing a weak smile.“Kya hoga, Ish?”

“Mujhse jhooth bolega bete?”Ishan twisted Mayank’s ear slightly, causing the other to grunt. “Come on, spit it out.”

Mayank sighed, leaning back against the wall. "I'm overthinking, I guess. This is our last year, our last chance to prove ourselves. Scouts will be there in the finals, and if we don't make it–”

“Wewillmake it. Don’t you trust me? Our team?” Ishan’s voice was filled with reassurance.

“Ish, I- I don’t trust myself. What if–”

Before Mayank could finish his sentence, Ishan's hand landed a sharp slap across his face, cutting him off abruptly. “What the hell!” He exclaimed, rubbing his cheek.

Ishan clicked his tongue. “You’remyplayer. You disrespect yourself, you disrespect me.”

“When did i ever respect you?” Mayank muttered under his breath before Ishan twisted his ear again. “Okay, okay, sorry!”

“Hurry up, princess,” Mayank added as he got up. “I’m going to the nets.”

When left alone, Ishan let out a sigh. Honestly, he was scared too. It was his last shot at getting noticed by the scouts, and the pressure was starting to get to him. Things would have been different if he could have performedback then. They could have won the state levels, he might have been picked for the U-19 camp, and perhaps he would be playing in domestic or even bigger leagues by now. He would still be friends with Shubman. He wouldn't have had to run away from everyone he loved.

Ishan slapped himself to halt the train of thoughts. He couldn't afford to be scared, not when he had a team to lead. They were his everything now. He couldn't let them down. Never again.

“Kishan.”

“Kishan.”

“KISHAN!”

“Huh?” Ishan scowled at Shastri. “What happened, Coach?”

“You seem nervous,” Shastri remarked, casting a glance towards the gathering crowd in the stands.

Ishan rubbed his palms against the fabric of his pants, causing it to crumple slightly. "You don't," he said instead, glancing at Shastri with a hint of uncertainty in his eyes.

The coach shrugged, tossing back a quick swig of his diet coke before turning his attention back to the field. "You never gave me a reason to be.”

Ishan opened his mouth to retort but ended up huffing instead, his cheeks warming slightly. "Buddha saala," he muttered under his breath.

"Hey, I heard that," the coach replied, an amused smile playing on his lips. After a brief pause, he spoke again, his voice gentle yet probing, "Why do you want to win, Kishan?”

Ishan stared at him with an incredulous look.“Do I need a reason to win?”

Shastri laughed, his hearty chuckle startling Ishan momentarily, before he felt himself joining in. Rishabh and Tilak, passing by, paused at the sound.

“Have they finally lost it?” Tilak whispered.

“Aging does that to you. Come on,” Rishabh said, tugging the boy along as they made their way to the dressing room, Ishan trailing them.

“Koi bhi garden mein ghoomega maa–”

"Boys," Ishan called out, interrupting Rohit in the middle of his pep talk (?). "Group hug!"

There was an audible groan from the team, though they secretly liked it. “Our pre-match ritual is impersonating freaking penguins,” Mayank snorted.

Ishan pouted as the others laughed, then turned to Abhishek with grabby hands. Abhishek reached out to him immediately, “Bunch of meanies! C’mere, I’ll hug you, Ish!”

"Oi, hands off my bestie!" Mayank exclaimed with a grin, before joining the embrace, setting off giggles in the room. Soon after, Tilak joined them followed by everyone.

“I want a hug too!”

They turned to see a grinning Shubman by the door. Shastri, standing beside him, ordered everyone to reach the grounds for the final warm-up.

“Why are you always around my team more than yours?” Ishan asked in an amused voice, as he slipped on his pads, casting a sideways glance at Shubman.

“You won't reply to my texts,” Shubman complained. “I even sent you a digital good luck card!”

Ishan rolled his eyes. “Having to see your face is better than those texts, honestly.”

"Because my face is just that irresistible, isn't it?" Shubman quipped with a smirk as he took a seat beside Ishan.

“I don’t have time to fight you now, Gill.”

Shubman hummed in response, observing Ishan's restless knee bouncing. “Are you nervous? Do you need any tips?”

Ishan let out a deliberate snort. “Sure, Mr. Two-Time Winner.” He shot Shubman a flat look, only to be met with the other's fond smile.

When Shubman pulled him into a hug, Ishan's voice died down, unable to muster any protest. “W-What happened? Are you sick?” He spoke weakly, not knowing what to do with his hands.

Shubman caressed Ishan's back, rubbing comforting circles. “You are going to win, yeah?” he whispered softly, his breath warm against Ishan's ear.

“Yeah.” Ishan gulped, slowly draping his arms around Shubman’s broad shoulders. How long had it been since he really hugged the other? How had he survived so long?

"Shouldn’t you be practicing for the final?" he asked, clearing his throat. "Why are you here?"

"To cheer for you," Shubman replied as they broke apart. "And Abhi, and Rohit, and–"

"Got it," Ishan cut him off, looking down to hide the smile tugging at his lips.

Ishan clenched his fists, trying to shake off the irritation prickling at his chest as Rohit got out. The latter shot him a thumbs-up before walking back to the dugout, mouthing,"You can do it."

Abhishek and Ishan synced up easily, exchanging nods of appreciation in between when one of them seemed on the edge. Both of them were hard hitters, they put up a solid chase before handing over the baton to the middle order for the final overs.

“To the finals, baby!” Yuzi hooped.

“It’s not over yet,” Rohit warned. “Don’t jinx it.”

Yuzi ignored him and started dancing with Siraj. Ishan couldn't help but grin, his face beaming with pride. They had made it so far.Summitreached the finals under his captaincy, something he had dreamed about for three years. He allowed himself a moment to gloat about it. Dropping his head on Rohit’s shoulder, he let the latter ruffle his hair.

“I can’t believe it,” he whispered.

Rohit sighed happily. “You worked hard for this, Captain.”

Ishan looked up giddily. “Thank you for trusting me, Ro. I don’t know if I could have done it without you all.”

Just then Surya smashed the winning six, setting the crowd into a frenzy of cheers. Ishan leaped up in excitement, his heart racing with adrenaline. He exchanged hugs with his teammates, reveling in the moment of triumph. They rushed onto the field, scooping up Rishabh and Surya in their arms.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Ishan repeated like a prayer as he held his teammates close.

“Hah? Are you about to cry?” Hardik teased.

“Shut up!” Ishan sniffled, holding onto Rishabh tighter. Seeing their captain getting emotional, the boys initiated a group hug this time.

“Why areyoucrying?” Ishan asked Tilak with a short laugh.

“Because you are crying!” Tilak huffed, his eyes shimmering. The others laughed, patting the kid fondly.

Leaving the others to dance in the middle of the ground, Ishan sprinted towards the stands, a wide grin on his face, to where Shubman was waiting. Because he was high on adrenaline, his brain justified. Their eyes met, and without a word, Shubman enveloped him in a tight hug.

“Congrats,meri jaan,” Shubman whispered.

Ishan pulled back, starry-eyed, his gaze reflecting the glittering lights of the stadium. “You’ll be saying this after the finals too.”

Shubman grinned, squishing the other’s cheeks. “Oh, really? We’ll see.”

As they walked towards the dressing room, they chatted about the game, with Ishan excitedly recounting his key shots and pivotal moments of the match to Shubman. The other listened intently even though he witnessed everything with his own eyes. After ages, it finally felt like the old times– Ishan rambling and Shubman nodding along fondly. His stomach swooped at the thought of Ishan opening up to him again.

"Ish!"

Ishan's face lit up with a smile when he spotted Aditi, and he hurried over to pull her into a warm hug. "Did you see it?" he asked eagerly.

"Of course! You were amazing out there, Ish. I'm so proud of you," Aditi replied, her eyes shining with admiration.

They pulled apart as Aditi softly added, “You deserve it, Captain.”

Ishan chuckled, flushing a little when he realized that he hugged her on impulse. “Um, yeah. I couldn't have done it without the boys though.”

Aditi shook her head with a smile. “They couldn't have done it without you either. Come on, let me treat you tonight.”

“Alright then, I’m not going to hold back,” Ishan replied with a chuckle. Aditi hummed happily as she suggested a few places they could go.

“Where are we going, guys?” Shubman quipped, slinging an arm around Ishan.

Ishan blinked. Oh, he almost forgot about him. He poked Shubman’s back subtly, letting out a deliberate smile. “Hey, why don't you go celebrate with Abhi? He was looking for you.”

“It’s okay, I just texted him,” Shubman replied with a matching smile.This fucker.

Aditi shifted on her feet awkwardly as she suggested, “The more the merrier, right? Let’s go for pizza.”

“Oh, Ilovepizza,” Shubman said in feign cheer, ignoring the glare Ishan was shooting at him.

As Aditi walked out, leaving Ishan to get changed, he shot Shubman a pointed look. “You can’t take a hint, can you?”

Shubman shrugged innocently. “I’m hungry too.”

Ishan sighed, not wanting to argue with the boy. Moreover, they were not exactly enemies at the moment. They were… friends? Ishan shook off the thought, he could decide about it later.

His eyes widened as Shubman leaned in and quickly pecked his lips. It was so unexpected, so sudden, that Ishan felt his heart skip a beat. He stumbled back, feeling a rush of warmth spread through him.

“Are you out of your mind?” He hissed, looking around nervously.

“What? I just told you that I’m hungry,” Shubman replied, earning another glare.

Ishan scrunched his nose in annoyance as he turned to remove his pads. He knew he should probably address the tension between him and Shubman, but he really didn't want to be reminded that he was the one who kissed Shubman first. He just brushed it off as a weird impulse they both gave in to sometimes. He also conveniently ignored the fact that Shubman was gay, like he had many times in the past.

“Is she trying to hit on you?” Shubman asked, pulling out Ishan from his thoughts.

“N-No, she’s just being friendly… I guess.”

Shubman snorted, shaking his head. "You're so oblivious. Well, it's none of my concern," he remarked. "Hurry up! I really am hungry, you know?”

Ishan grunted as Shubman practically dragged him out. Whatever it was, Ishan couldn't help but feel a sense of comfort with Shubman by his side, even though he totally ended up ruining their date.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:filler chp because lamba khichna hai story. there will be some drama in the next chp. and some more in the next :)