Ishan wakes up with a startle.

It's scary how the first thing he remembers after waking up are yesterday's memories.

As if he only slept in order to make himself calm and collected. Preparing himself to act unaffected by the events which had unfolded last night. When in reality his mind have been going back to that moment over and over again.

Ishan sits up in bed. Last night did he really nearly kiss shubman? Sober? Is he making a big deal? Is it totally normal thing?

"Why are you up so early" shubman speaks getting up.

Ishan startled for the second time today.

"Wtf bro stop scaring me" yeah back to bro.

But then he sees him.

He sees shubman curious faced and rounded pouty lips. Hair a sleepy mess Looking like a mare baby.

"There" ishan says lying down back to his place "now stop with the pout"

"I wasn't pouting" shubman huffs.

The pout came back when ishan tries to get out of bed forcefully. "What it is now"

"Just lay down for a bit" shubman says pulling ishan right back. Securing his arms around him this time.

Ishan allows himself to be pulled closer and closer until his back is pressed against shubman's chest.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Ishan wakes up to someone making loud noises to get him up.

"Get up both of you" the voice gets louder "what's shub doing here?"

Shubman tries to open his eyes slowly at the mention of his name. Trying to get use to sudden bright lights.

Tilak is standing over their bed giving them death glares.

"Not you again" shubman groans "i don't want to start my day with your face"

"With whom?" Ishan asks eyes still closed.

"Ishh!" Shubman shakes ishan up "look at me! Only me! I won't let you have a bad day by looking at him fisrt thing in the morning"

"Woah the amount of inferiority complex you got there motherfucker" tilak speaks mumbling the last part.

Shubman did not let ishan look at tilak for good two minute. He kept holding his face right in front of his not letting him move.

Tilak just stands there. Not wanting to disturb whatever they're doing. But kept judging them.

"Why are you here?" Shubman asks  finally looking at tilak.

"I came to wake ishan up." Tilak continued "Why are YOU here?"

"I...just wants to practice more here" shubman replied.

"Alright. Surya bhaiya said be at breakfast by 8:30" tilak says walking off. "And for the love of god put on a shirt shubman" tilak says after reaching the door.

The room's quiet. Ishan gulps before saying "let's get ready"

"Have you seen my brown tshir?" Ishan questions while getting into his black jeans.

"Yeah it's in my bag" shubman says walking towards his bag to take it out.

"Found it" shubman says. Ishan looked back expecting shubman with his brown tshirt in hand.

Shubman had a small box in his hands he came to ishan making him sit on bed.

Shubman placed the small box in ishan's hand. He opened the box to a silver sets of hoops identical to the ones he's already wearing. But anyone with eyes could tell the ones ishan's holding right now cost a lot more than the cheap ones he's wearing.

"Got them made in a week" shubman says proudly, taking off the hoops ishan's wearing.

Shubman smiles gently as he put the new hoops in ishan's ear one by one. His fingers gently creasing the right ear.

Ishan feels the sensation, the warmth that seeps through him and rushes through his veins. Oddly relaxing and exciting at the same time.

"Better now. Just looking like a wow" shubman coos.

"Stop with this meme. It's so overused now!" Ishan yells.

"Yeah it is very annoying" shubman scrunched his nose.

Ishan looks at shubman. Stares in the eyes. Looks at him as if he's memorising each and every detail.

Shubman comes closer, and instinctively ishan leans in to place a peck on his left cheek.

Ishan backed a bit after a second or two. And in that moment he decided to voice his thoughts.

"Thank you so much shubi" he whispers.

Shubman nodes at him before giving a smile. That big dimple smile ishan adores.

▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎▪︎

Shubman locks the door. Ishan was ready to walk off first when shubman immediately reached out for one of his hand and intertwined their fingers.

"Let's face them together" shubman says.

"You sound like we're hiding something" ishan chuckles at him. But his cheeks are still dusted pink.

Once they're seated at the table they're hit by glares from everyone.

"Wow the whole team is here what a surprise" shubman says nervously.

"Yeah what a sudden surprise to us also" Jaiswal huffs.

"What are you doing here shubman?" Surya questioned.

"Well- the SA tour is coming up...so i thought i could practice with the team" shubman replied.

"Yeah I'm sure that's the only reason" tilak speaks earning a glare from shubman.

"What?" Tikal smirks looking right back.

"And if i just punch that smirk off I'm the bad guy" shubman whispers to himself huffing.

"What did you say?" Ishan asks.

"Nothing...yeah that's the only reason i came here tilak" shubman scoffs.

Tilak let's out a dramatic grasp "see i told you" he looks at ishan.

"Don't believe him. That's not the only reason he's here" ishan says with a proud look on his face, as he places a tenderly hand on shubman's thigh under the table.

"You just wants to show off about me coming here for you don't you?" Shubman placed his hand over ishan's hand, cheeks turning red. The rest of the table erupts into forced coughs and laughter.

"It doesn't matter though. You're still here for practice too" ishan groans.

"Yeah if walking hand in hand on field count as practice. SURE" tilak throws sarcasm.

"You would have a plate thrown at you someday if keep acting this brave tilak" surya speaks.

"Are they always this lovey-dovey" Jaiswal asks looking at how ishan was demanding shubman to feed him the last piece of apple.

"You haven't seen the cringy part yet my brother" tilak continues "speaking from my personal experience"

"That explains your saltiness then" Jaiswal laughs.

..........end for today..........

.

.

.

.

.

*Ahem-Ahem...* the practice.

Author's note:

I deeply apologize for not updating for so long. I got busy with a wedding function.

*reference to pervious chapter"i was having a tangerine and let me tell you. Peeling tangerine/orange is the most annoying thing i would never do that for anyone atleast shubman did peel it after ishan asked him for the second time ☝️🤓