"Do you like shrimps?" Shubman asked when he saw Ishan enjoying the shrimps that he had ordered, a bit too much. "I love seafood." The statement was as plain as it could be, but it still tugged something at Shubman's heart.

Earlier, when he had looked at the menu and had asked Ishan to order, he had been prepared for a lot of seafood on the table for some reason. He felt happy to know that his instincts still remembered Ishan so well. He knew that Ishan liked seafood well enough for him to order it.

"Earth to Shubman." He came back to reality when he heard the voice that was so close to his heart. He smiled at Ishan, and his heart skipped a beat when he smiled back at him. His heart was skipping a bit too many beats these days. It might be very unhealthy, but is Shubman considering being healthy right now? No. No, he wasn't. Ishan has taken all the space in his mind, and Shubman doesn't think about anything that isn't Ishan these days.

The lunch was as simple as it could get. There was nothing too fancy about it, but for Shubman it was better than anything else he had experienced. He loved every minute of this setting. Ishan and he had talked a lot more than they usually did. Ishan seemed relaxed; nothing about him suggested that he was uncomfortable.

Shubman at first was unwilling to ask him out on a date. He felt like it could be the reason Ishan would finally snap at him, but being here like this, Shubman felt like even dying would have been worth the try. He wanted to be here in this moment forever. Listen to Ishan Yap forever.

It was so weird because Shubman was so lost in Ishan's eyes that he could barely hear anything from around him, but somehow he heard and understood every word that Ishan was speaking. It was scary, but did Shubman care? No, he didn't.

"What is it?" Ishan asked out of nowhere. "What?" stunned, Shubman asked. "I know you want to ask something, so just do it. Tell me what is bothering you." Now that Shubman thought about it, that was very true. He did have something to ask indeed. How Ishan knew about it was a topic that Shubman would discuss with himself later, but for now, he needed to organize his terrain of thoughts and sort out an answer to Ishan's question.

"Well, the thing is... I thought that maybe this lunch would be awkward, you know. You didn't want to come, but I forced you anyway. I was prepared for the silent treatment and quiet awkwardness. But this, this is anything but that. It feels a bit too natural."

That was true. Shubman had made up his mind for the complete opposite of what was going on here. He didn't expect the conversations to be as smooth as they were now, and he absolutely didn't expect Ishan to be this easygoing here. He thought that Ishan would be a bit stubborn and unsettling.

"Well, it feels natural because it is. You might not remember it, but we used to come out like this all the time. 'Friendly dates' you called it." Ishan smiled at the memory, and Shubman's heart did another somersault. "Yeah, I am sure they were friendly." This comment of Shubman's made Ishan look up at him. There was something in his eyes that Shubman couldn't just understand.

"Well, I don't know about that, but they were the best part of my days. Shubman, I don't care about whatever. I don't care if they were just friendly for you or not; nothing would change the fact that I have spent the majority of my life in your company, and trust me when I say it: I enjoyed every minute of it."

All the overthinking that Ishan had done earlier at the hotel was playing with his mind. He couldn't just let things be and make Shubman believe that he didn't care about him. He couldn't fathom the fact that Shubman thought this lunch would be awkward. Ishan had never felt awkward with Shubman, and he never will. And he was on a mission to make Shubman understand that.

"Shubman, I love spending time with you. I love every second of our conversations. Look, I don't care how you think your feelings are for me. But to me, you will always be special. It doesn't have to be in a romantic way, you know." "I know." Was the only thing Shubman could say before the calm silence enveloped them again.

When they reached the hotel a few hours later, the team was still loitering around in the lobby. They received the eyes when they entered, and Ishan was done with all of them at this point. "what?" he asked. "You seem to enjoy using that word a bit too much these days," Rishabh replied, looking up from his laptop. "Oh. Shubi, Sara came to see you." He continued before Ishan could get back at him.

Hearing that Sara came to see him, Shubman was confused for a second before asking, "How was my relationship with her?" "You were close. She liked you." Ishan said, looking straight at Shubman, that stare made Shubman increasingly aware of Ishan's intentions to set him up with her, and it made him sad beyond measure.

"so?" Shubman deadpanned. "Nothing. I was just saying." Ishan shrugged under Shubman's scrutinizing gaze. Later when Ishan looked up, he realized that everyone was looking at him with disappointment in their eyes. "What is wrong with you? She liked him, and I just told him about it because he asked." He left the room with that.

"Does he want me to end up with her, or does he just want me to not like him anymore?" "Neither. He is just an idiot." Yashasvi replied without even blinking, and everybody agreed with him. "You should talk to Sara, though." And Shubman agreed to talk to her. He would meet her tomorrow.

Ishan in the room weighed a lot of emotions in his heart. So much that he couldn't pinpoint any of them. He just lay down on the bed and drifted off to sleep without even realizing it.

Ishan woke up the next day with an empty bed. There was no sign of Shubman in the room, the bathroom, or the balcony. Ishan shouldn't have been as stressed about his sudden disappearance as he was. But that was a concern for the future Ishan. So, he did the right thing. He freshened up and went downstairs to ask about him to the team.

"Where is Shubman?" "Did he not tell you before leaving?" "I didn't meet him last night at all. I slept before he came to the room and just woke up." "Right, he didn't have the chance to tell you." "Where is he?" They exchanged a look that Ishan didn't know the meaning of before replying to him in a solemn voice, "He went to meet Sara."

"Suddenly?" "What's suddenly? She came to meet him twice already and couldn't find him, so yeah, it is only right that he meet her now, right?" "Right." And Ishan left with that. His expressions were unreadable. "Do you see something amiss?" Rishabh asked Siraj with twinkling eyes.

"Not as much as I expected to see, but this is good too." "What do you mean, Miya? This is already too much. You expected too much from a dumb person like Ishan." "Well, that is also true." And they shared a hearty laugh at that, completely unaware of Ishan and his turmoil.

"I came to see you yesterday, but you were out," Sara told Shubman. They were both sitting in a restaurant nearby. "Yes, I was out with Ishan." And with that, her expression changed. "Look, you might know already that I have no memories whatsoever of the past ten years or so. I am so sorry, but I don't remember anything about you either." "I know. I mean, if you couldn't remember Ishan, how can anybody expect that you remember them?"

"What?" Shubman was stunned at that sentence. Sara just laughed out loud. "You seem to be confused. Do you really remember nothing? Well, Ishan is your best friend that you know of, right?" "Yeah, they told me." "So, you were with him all this time? How did you like him?" "He is an amazing person. I can completely see why he was my best friend." "Just that?" Sara asked, confusing Shubman more. "what else?"

"Nothing. Tell me, Shubman, what did they tell you about me?" Shubman chuckled before replying. "they said that you were my PR stunt." And Sara laughed at that too. "that is true." "and Ishan said that I should go on a date with you. I feel like he is trying his best to set me up with you for some reason."

"He is an idiot." She replied, making Shubman laugh once more. "all the teammates said the same thing." "Because he is." "He said that you like me." Shubman was a bit hesitant in saying that because he didn't know how Sara would react, but he didn't want to lead her on either; he just wanted to clear things up.

"Are we doing this again?" "Again?" questioned Shubman. "Well, I seem to remember a similar conversation between us. Let me guess: you want to tell me that I might be an amazing person and might as well be the most beautiful girl, but you cannot give me a chance; you, in fact, don't want to. All because you are in love with someone else and you cannot love anyone who is not him? So, you would rather not lead me on?"

Sara said all that with so much confidence that even Shubman thought that the conversation might as well be scripted. He was actually trying to say exactly that. "Ho..w?" Sara smiled at the stunned Shubman.

"You have already told me once, and yeah, I did like you back then, but not anymore. I am rooting for you and your undying love for Ishan." Shubman was stunned even more. "how'd you know?" "Do you think I am blind? You never really told me who this person is that you love, but trust me, it wasn't hard to guess at all."

And Shubman just looked down, embarrassed. He hadn't been this embarrassed a day since he had woken up in that hospital bed. "I am surprised that the person who calls himself your best friend couldn't guess it. or wait, maybe he isn't just dense and blind but is in denial." "I told him." "WHAT?" She shouted so loud that the tables near them took a look at them.

"What?" she asked again in a lowered voice. "Did you confess to him?" "I didn't mean to; I just wanted to know if I always liked him, or was I falling after losing my memory, and it just slipped like that?" "What are you doing about it then?" "I am...um...courting him." And Sara looked at him speechless. After a good 5 minutes of stunned silence, she started to laugh so hard that Shubman was concerned about her mental health for a second there.

"You are doing what? What is this, Shubman? 500 bc?" "Stop laughing like that, okay? Is it that wrong to try and court someone?" "Oh god, Shubman, stop using that word. Did Ishan not slap you when you told him that?" "He very much wanted to." And they both shared a laugh at that.