Ishan had been sitting on the balcony for the past thirty minutes, unsure of why he was there. Was it because of Sara? He had always liked the idea of Sara and Shubman together. He even tried to play wingman for them once, but it ended unsuccessfully. Shubman was adamant about not considering it. He had consistently avoided the topic as if it were a plague.

Ishan found Shubman's behavior strange. The Shubman Gill he knew wouldn't let a pretty girl slip away so easily. Shubman was known for being a notorious flirt. Initially, Ishan didn't appreciate this aspect of him, but he later realized that Shubman was just a flirt and didn't mean any harm. However, being as charismatic as Shubman was, he inevitably broke quite a few hearts.

In recent years, though, Shubman had distanced himself from any form of relationship. He stopped talking to girls, blocked all of his contacts, and visibly recoiled at the sight of anyone flirting with him. This wasn't the Shubman Ishan remembered, and it left him feeling quite unsettled.

This situation began after Sara entered the scene, leading Ishan to believe that Shubman might have feelings for her. However, Shubman denied this every time the topic was raised. While Ishan might not be the most perceptive in these matters, he was certain of one thing: Shubman Gill was in love. The only question was with whom.

For an entire year, Shubman dismissed any claims about being in love, especially after a noticeable change in his behavior. There were no girls, no flirting, and essentially no romantic interests at all. He insisted that he was on a journey of self-purification. Initially, Ishan thought Shubman was going through another phase, but as months went by, Shubman remained unchanged. This began to raise eyebrows among their friends, but Shubman's responses never wavered.

After a full year, Ishan decided to sit Shubman down and ask him what was wrong. Shubman smiled but chose not to respond. Eventually, everyone started to speculate that Shubman might actually be in love, and he stopped denying these claims. Instead, he would just smile whenever someone teased him about it.

It had been too long since Ishan last saw Shubman with anyone at all. Now that he added two and two, it was very possible that Shubman liked him. But Ishan was still in denial. There was this image at the back of Ishan's mind. An image where Shubman, after regaining his memories, would deny being in love with him. He would say that he liked someone indeed, but it wasn't him.

Ishan was so sure that this Shubman was mistaken that he couldn't interpret those eyes of love that Shubman looked at him with. If only Ishan could open his eyes, he would see that Shubman didn't change at all. He behaved the same as he did before; he just gave a label to what was happening. Shubman's feelings didn't change at all; they just had a name now.

But he wasn't thinking about that at all. He wasn't even thinking about Shubman. What occupied his mind was Sara. Earlier, when he learned that Shubman had gone to meet her, he felt a strange tug at his heart, and he couldn't quite understand it. Ishan had seen Shubman meet her countless times before, and all he had felt was happiness and playful teasing. This time, however, it was different.

Ishan wanted to act nonchalantly, just like he had in the past, but he couldn't ignore his feelings any longer. What could they possibly be talking about? Would Shubman change his mind when he returned? Wouldn't it be better if he did? Ishan and Shubman could go back to being best friends, and Shubman could give Sara a chance. Wasn't that what Ishan wanted? Wasn't that exactly what he desired?

Was he scared of something? What could he possibly be afraid of?

"ISHAN." A sudden buzz in his ear jolted him, making it feel as though he might go deaf. His head pounded as he snapped back to reality, seeing Rishabh standing over him with a phone in hand. "What is wrong with you?" Ishan asked, annoyance evident in his voice.

"What's wrong with me? What's wrong with you? Are you okay? I've been calling for you for the past 15 minutes. Your phone rang at least five times, and you didn't notice. Ishan, are you alright?" "Why were you calling me? You could have just come here and told me."

"Have you completely lost it, Ishan? Your mom has been trying to reach you. When you didn't pick up, she called Shubman. He was out, so he called me, and now I find you sitting here, lost in thought. What on earth were you even thinking about?" "Oh." "Yeah, oh. Now go and call your mom before she freaks out."

Rishabh left the room after that."Yeah... fucking hell, Shubman Gill, he is alive. Can you stop calling me for like a second? This is your 72nd call in the past 15 minutes. Is that even possible to call as many times in 15 fucking minutes?" Ishan could hear Rishabh shouting over the call. It was probably Shubman he was shouting at. And the thought made Ishan smile before he shook his head and took his phone to make a call to his mom.

Shubman came back from meeting Sara in the afternoon and joined the team at lunch. "how did it go?" Siraj asked when he saw Shubman coming towards them. "better than expected. She is sweet." "how'd you know? Did you taste her?" Rishabh deadpanned. "Do you want to taste blood?" Shubman got back at him. "you..." he then pointed at Ishan, who was calmly eating his meal.

"What did I do?" asked a stunned Ishan. "Why would you not pick up your calls? You think it is funny to be so nonchalant?" "I... I am sorry I didn't see it. My phone was on the bedside table, and I was on the balcony." "Yeah, right, and he couldn't even hear people shouting in his ears," Rishabh said through a mouthful of food, making Rohit glare at him.

Shubman, after glaring at Ishan for a good 5 minutes, took a seat beside him. "So, you wanna meet her again," Ishan asked Shubman after he had sat down. Shubman gave him an unimpressed look. "If you want me to stop liking you and start going on dates with girls to 'explore,' it is not happening, okay? I like you, and you cannot change that fact even if you try to." Shubman said while stealing food from him.

Ishan just looked at Shubman with those unreadable eyes again. Sometimes Shubman couldn't read Ishan at all. These were the times he felt utterly helpless. He wanted to know the meaning of Ishan's every gaze and every smile, but sometimes he just couldn't do it, so he just looked down, breaking eye contact.

What Shubman didn't know was that sometimes it was hard for Ishan to sort his feelings too. Even he couldn't figure out what was going on sometimes, and this was one of those times. They couldn't understand the simplest of things sometimes, and it was getting under Ishan's skin at this point.

The conversation was then smartly brought upon that one fateful day when Shubman decided to confess. And everyone shared a laugh at the memory while Shubman was left embarrassed, but he still owned up to it. "Look, I didn't mean to confess like that. It was an accident." "Yeah right, saying, 'Was I romantically into you since before I lost my memories, or have I started losing my mind behind you now?' was accidental indeed."

Rishabh had mastered the technique to get on Shubman's nerves. He wanted to slap the man, but he held himself back. "Why do you even remember his exact words?" Ishan said after a while. "Are you defending him now?" Siraj asked, surprised. "What is that question, Miya? Of course, Ishan would defend him." Virat had joined in the teasing too.

"Virat bhai? I thought you were on my team." Shubman faked the tears, and Ishan smiled that big smile of his that was reserved for Shubman somehow. "but really, I like this Shubman better than the old one. This one is so fucking bold it is damn entertaining." Rishabh said making everyone agree with him.

"True, that is, but old Shubman was amazing too, no? Not bold in this particular thing, but yeah, his fears were genuine." Virat backed Shubman up. "I miss my old Shubi." And the moment this sentence left Ishan's mouth, the entire room snapped their neck towards him. It was a miracle how none of them cracked their necks.

"What is wrong with you'll? I have spent the majority of my time with Shubi; of course, I miss him now. Let me remind you that he is my best friend." "But you have Shubi still, don't you?" Shubman asked that with so much innocence that Ishan's heart started to melt. "Well, yes, I do, but old Shubi was different; he was my Shubi."

"I have a question, guys... Is it possible for a person to be jealous of his own self?" This sentence of Shubman's made everyone laugh until death. There was laughter all around the room. Some were clutching their stomachs while they threw their heads back and laughed out loud; some were smiling fondly at Shubman.

And Ishan just looked at Shubman with those unreadable eyes again. Only this time one emotion could clearly be seen amongst all the other ones. It was adoration. Ishan adored Shubman, and it was a known fact. Only this time it was too visible in his eyes to ignore anymore.