•SHUBMAN GILL•

Five days later, against my better judgment, I am getting ready for the fake date. If you actually consider putting on a T-shirt and cargo pants "getting ready," then sure.

When I look at him, I feel underdressed. He wears a denim jacket over a plain T-shirt and trousers, and not just that, he has also styled himself with accessories like a pearl necklace and a watch, and those earrings he always wears—they suit him, in my opinion.

He is dressed, and me? I am dressed (if you call it dressing) like someone going out to buy groceries.

We are currently in the car with Nia and Darshan, not knowing exactly where we are going.

And I am feeling like a fool in front of him. Thank God I at least decided to wear shoes instead of flip-flops. The only good thing is that none of them seems to judge my outfit.

Nia breaks the long silence, "You two don't have to do anything extraordinary," she looks at me and then at Ishan. "You just have to eat together, and we will make sure that the paparazzi get the pictures."

Fake relationship, fake boyfriend, fake dates—the word "fake" sums up my current life quite accurately.

The car stops outside a very fancy restaurant. As soon as we enter, I know it's Darshan's choice because, even though it's fancy, it's equally boring.

We both settle at our reserved table, trying to act like normal human beings, which we are. Ishan seems more chill than me. He is always more chill than me.

The food is served. If we were in a less fancy restaurant, the food might have been tasty, because seriously, I don't want to disrespect food, but what is this?

In an attempt to make small talk, I say, "Your pearl necklace looks good on you."

He touches it, "Yeah, thanks. Actually, I like pearls."

This conversation is followed by silence, during which we pick at our tasteless food, trying not to make faces.

"If we are here on the pretext of a date, why don't we try to get to know each other?" he suggests.

"Okay, so what's your favorite color?"

He looks at me with a small smile playing on his lips, "Shubman, you can do better than this, trust me!" His statement is laced with sarcasm, but his tone is genuine, so I don't take offense.

"Yeah, I agree." I seriously don't have any self respect.

Then, after a moment of thinking, he asks, "A famous book that you haven't read yet." I can see the curiosity in his eyes.

"The answer won't please you," I say, taking a spoonful of whatever we are eating.

"Tell me, I won't judge you."

"Literally every famous book."

His spoon stops in mid-air momentarily, his expression turning from curious to disappointed. "Really?"

"You said you won't judge me," I say, making a pout.

"I am not judging you."

"Yeah, I can see that."

To which he just shakes his head a little, smiling, and resumes eating his food, as if telling me, "I didn't expect any better from you."

Thank goodness I am not in a real relationship with him.

"Tell me your favorite book," I ask, because I now know he is interested in books.

He tells me the name of a book which I've never heard of. In my defense, I haven't heard much about books, so yeah.

The only books I've heard about are the Harry Potter series and the fact that those films were based on books, which I found out not so long ago.

So the conclusion is that I really know jackshit about books.

It's a shame.

Not for me, though.

After a while, he looks at me and asks, "Why are you being extra careful?"

"I don't want to end up in the headlines for the wrong reasons."

"What kind of headlines?"

" *Young cricketer splashes food over boyfriend, was it his attempt to break up with boyfriend*,

or

*The future of Indian cricket does not have any future with his boyfriend, young cricketer jeopardizes his own date*,

or or

*Ten things you didn't know about this young Indian cricketer, the number ten will shock you*."

He lets out a throaty laugh at my statement, and after that, the ice between us breaks, and we talk about a lot of things like and dislikes and almost everything.

It makes me realize that Ishan is indeed an interesting person; being friends with him would be really nice.

After we are done with our food and the dessert, which is surprisingly good compared to the tasteless food, my phone rings, and Nia's name flashes on it.

"You two are done; now you can go home in the car," she says directly, coming to the point.

"Okay, wait a minute, how do you know that we are done?" I scan the place only to realize that she and Darshan are a few tables away from us. Nia waves at me.

"So you two are spying on us."

"No."

"You are."

"Darshan said that we needed to be here to see if you end up screwing the whole thing."

"I am offended."

"He was right."

"But I haven't done anything stupid."

"But you could have."

"Ugh, so what was it? A double date?"

"You can call it that."

"Wait a damn minute, you just called him Darshan and not Darshan sir. Is there something going on between you two?"

"I don't know."

"I need a yes or no."

"I don't know. Now go, you don't talk to anyone this long when you are on a date. Now be a gentleman and drop him off."

I glare at her, and she just cuts the call and gets busy talking with Darshan. There is definitely something going on.

"What happened, and why they are here?" he ask pointing at their direction.

"Nothing" I say getting up "we should go now, I will drop you."

In the car, he puts on some music. This date is yielding fruitful results for me, or for us. Honestly, I am much more comfortable with him now; the silence between us no longer feels awkward.

We are progressing in our friendship, which is a good thing.

I stop the car in front of his apartment, and he hops off. As I am about to leave, he comes and opens the car door, offering me a hand with a wide smile. "Come."

Um, excuse me? Did I miss something, or did I skip soms chapters? What's happening? Why is he inviting me to his house out of nowhere with that expression?

Someone help please !

~~~