"Does it hurt a lot?" Shubman asked, his eyebrows knitted in concern.

"N-not unbearable," Ishan lied, swallowing a groan as a jolt of pain shot up his spine.

"God, Ish, why did you have to do a drill you never do before a matchday?" Shubman huffed, attempting to massage Ishan's back. He pulled his hands away as Ishan inhaled sharply, clearly in pain. “Seriously, how are you going to play like this?”

Ishan shook his head rapidly, staring hard at the ceiling. “I can, Iwill.”

“Ish, you can rest for one game, you know?” Shubman could see right through Ishan’s act.

“Not if that one game is the fucking final, Shubman,” Ishan snapped. “The scouts are going to be there. My fifties, my hundreds, they won't matter if I don't perform tomorrow.”

Shubman gritted his teeth in agitation. “Okay, you push yourself tomorrow. Then what? You risk being out of the game for months. Your body can't handle it, Ish.”

“You don't get to decide what my body can handle,” Ishan retorted, his voice edged with defiance as he glared back.

Shubman wanted to argue but seeing his friend in pain, he simply sighed. “Just get some rest for now, alright?”

Ishan continued glaring at the wall, unable to face away from Shubman even if he wished to, due to the persistent backache. The latter carefully settled beside him, slowly draping his arms around Ishan’s torso.

“I just want you to take care of yourself, Ish,” he said softly.

“Not at the price of leaving my team,” Ishan grumbled.

Shubman smiled, reaching to caress Ishan’s cheek gently. “You think it wouldn't cost us if you were to hurt yourself? Idiot.”

Ishan couldn't come up with a response, so he closed his eyes, pretending to sleep. He just hoped he'd be in form the next day.

He wasn't.

Each time he had to twist his waist to hit a boundary in practice, a sharp jolt of pain surged through him, and he’d let out a small groan.

"Coach, he can't possibly play like this," Shubman insisted. “Why don't you stop him?”

Coach sighed. “You think I haven't tried? He is the most stubborn boy I’ve ever come across.”

A sense of unease settled in his chest, a nagging feeling that something was about to go wrong. It wasn't just about the match. He was worried about Ishan, who had been pushing himself to the limit for months, ignoring Shubman’s warnings. The boy was clearly on the brink of a breakdown, and Shubman had no idea how to help him.

“Gill,” Coach turned to him with serious eyes. “Ichoseyou to be the Vice Captain because I trusted you with this team, okay?”

Shubman wasn't sure why Coach thought it was a good time to bring that up but he nodded anyway, his eyes still fixed on a struggling Ishan in the distance.

“Some decisions are hard but you have to make them for the team,” was all Coach said before leaving.

Shubman stood there, feeling his heart weighing down on him. He winced as Ishan dropped his bat and instinctively grabbed his back, as if itburnt. Shubman's immediate impulse was to rush to his friend's side, but he stopped in his tracks when he saw Ishan fight back angry tears.

He’s in pain. He’s in pain. He’s in pain.

That was all Shubman’s mind could repeat as dashed out of there. It was going to be the hardest decision of his life.

Ishan gritted his teeth, stifling a scream as he wrapped the compression bandage tightly around his waist. The pressure provided a sense of security, but the pain still throbbed relentlessly.

“God, please don't do this to me,” he mumbled, feeling a feverish heat coursing through his body.

It was almost time for the toss. He hastily fixed his collar, taking a deep breath before stepping out of the dressing room.

“Ishan!”

He turned at the sound of his name, frowning at the sight of a panicked Rishabh, his eyes wide with alarm.

“What, did you lose your bat again?”

Rishabh didn't even have the heart to shake his head. “Ish, your- your name’s n-not on the playing eleven.”

Ishan blinked. “What the hell are you on about?”

Rishabh walked in hesitantly. “They were announcing the players for both the teams and yours wasn’t among them.”

“They might have missed it,” Ishan said, though a cold feeling of dread formed a knot in his stomach.

“Who misses the Captain’s name, Ishan?” Rishabh looked angry. He should be too. Right. Why wasn't he angry?

“The toss,” he shakily muttered, turning his gaze to the clock. “I-I should go.”

“Shubman went.”

Ishan's eyes widened. “What?”

Rishabh swallowed hard, averting his gaze. “Shubman... he went for the toss.”

Ishan didn't know how to react to that. He remained standing, frozen, until his mind spoke:

Traitor.

Ishan had always had a complicated relationship with himself. Maybe he lived too much in his head. He knew that if he let his thoughts control him, he would end up hurting both himself and those around him. “Hurt people hurt people,” Shubman had once told him. Ishan had laughed it off, asking where he'd picked up all those edgy lines.

But at times like this, when Ishan felt like he was stripped of his defenses, he did not see his best friend. He did not see the boy who meant to him more than his own insecurities. He did not see hisShubi.

He saw Shubman Gill. The Vice Captain of the team. The Prince. The better choice.

Ishan hadn't realized he was already standing face-to-face with him.

“Why?”

Shubman almost flinched at the harsh tone before clenching his fists. "Let's talk it out later," he replied slowly, his voice strained.

“Why am I benched, Shubman?” he demanded.

“I said let’s talk later-”

Ishan wouldn't have any of it. He closed the gap between them, poking Shubman's chest as he spoke, his frustration evident in every word. “Who gave you the right to decide this?”

“You’re injured. I’m allowed to make the call, you know it.”

“I’m not fucking injured,” Ishan snapped. “I can play just fine. Why do you always act like you know everything about me?”

Shubman scowled. “I’m doing what's required for the team, Ishan. Don't be so fucking selfish.”

Ishan felt a dry laugh bubble in his chest. What had he not given for this team? And for what? To be calledselfishby his own best friend?

“There’s a limit to being petty, Shubman. Can you not see me winning for once?”

“What are you talking about?” Shubman shot him an incredulous look.

Ishan’s gaze sharpened. “You know what my friends used to say? That I shouldn't trust you too much, that you always had your eyes on the captaincy, that you’d snatch it away from me someday. But to think you would wait for the perfect day–”

“Have you fucking lost it?” Shubman yelled as he grabbed Ishan by his collar. “Do you even hear yourself, Ishan?”

“What, am I wrong?” Ishan snarled back, his anger fueling his words. “Youknewthe scouts would be here today. Who else but you knows how long I’ve waited for this day? How could you do this to me, you–”

“Is it my fault that you injured yourself?”

“I’m not–”

“Don’t lie!” Shubman snapped, cutting Ishan off. “You can't even run properly. How do you plan to hit boundaries, or dive for a run? You think you're that good, huh?”

Ishan shot him a glare, pushing Shubman’s hands off him. “As if people haven't played with an injury before. Dhoni played the World Cup–”

“Well, you’re not Dhoni! You’ll never be,” Shubman spat back. “So, just give up, alright? Playing today isn't going to change anything. In this state, you’re going to get out on your first ball and ruin it for all of us.”

Ishan's breath caught in his throat, his anger boiling over. "Fuck you, Shubman. This isn't how you’re supposed to act.”

“How should I act, pray tell?" he huffed. "How long do you expect me to indulge your immature decisions? If you can't take care of yourself, I couldn't care less about you either. You're acting like a fucking brat, Ishan. Not everything goes your way, why can't you accept that?”

Ishan felt a tremble in his hands as anger and hurt surged through him. He clenched his fists to stop it. “I’m immature, fine. What about you, Shubman? What have you done for the team except for sucking up to Coach? When have you declined every time you got favored over someone else?” He barked out a humorless laugh, adding, “You’re a narcissistic piece of shit. Everyone knows that, it’s me who always believed otherwise. Becausebest friends, right?”

This couldn't be Ishan. No matter how angry he got, he had never lashed out at Shubman like this before. Neverhurthim like this before.

Shubman's expression hardened, his jaw tightening as Ishan's words hit home. “If you’re going to be so insecure because of me, then so be it. I can't talk sense into someone who’s blinded by jealousy. I hope you know that the only reason they chose you as the Captain was because I stepped down myself.”

Ishan's fist shot forward instinctively before he could realize, but Abhishek held him back. “What the fuck are you guys doing?” He exclaimed, breaking them apart.

Ishan stumbled back, his eyes fleeting around nervously as he watched Abhishek check for any wounds on Shubman's face.

“Y-You knew it too?” Ishan muttered.

"Ish, it's not what you're thinking. We care about you," Abhishek said, his eyes softening.

But Ishan shook his head in disbelief. "No, no. Y-You're lying. You're all liars. Friends don’t hurt friends," he muttered, his voice cracking a little.

Shubman’s heart lurched, but he forced himself to stay composed. He wasn't sure if he could talk to Ishan without them screaming their heads off, so he let Abhishek steer the situation. He was better with words anyway.

Abhishek walked closer to the smaller boy, trying to make him understand. “Ish, listen to me please.”

Ishan stepped back. “Are you on his side?”

Shubman scoffed. “Sides? A fucking child, I told you.”

Ishan's eyes narrowed, the hurt evident in his gaze as he looked at Abhishek, silently pleading. “Abhi.”

“We don't have to do this, Ish. Let's get you some rest–”

"Traitor," Ishan snarled. "You're a traitor too. I can't trust anyone, no one," he mumbled to himself before turning on his heel and fleeing from there.

“Why did you have to trigger him?” Abhishek asked Shubman with a sigh.

“You don't know how much his words stabbed,” Shubman said with a snort. “There's something off about him. He just loses it sometimes.”

“Don’t make me hit you,” Abhishek warned.

Shubman rubbed his temples, feeling the strain from all the yelling. “Let’s just go and get this shit over with. I’ll talk to Ishan after we win.”

Ishan did not run down to the ground with the others when Shubman hit the winning six. He wasn't there with them when they lifted the trophy. Instead, he watched them from the dressing room, forcing himself to be happy for his team. He watched Coach praise Shubman proudly. He watched Shubman's triumphant smile as he hugged everyone, acting like the Captain they probably deserved.

Pathetic. Loser. Unworthy.

Ishan wasn't sure if he could fight his thoughts anymore. Where did it all go wrong? How far had he fallen that he now couldn't bear the sight of his own best friend? Maybe Shubman was right. Hewasselfish.

“Feel like shit yet?”

Ishan jerked at the voice, turning to see the man he had never spoken to. He knew him though. Everyone knew Shastri, as some sort of a cryptic genius at least.

Shastri spoke again when Ishan remained silent. “You might be the first Captain in years to have been benched in the final.”

Ishan snorted. “Oh, yeah. I definitely feel like shitnow.”

Shastri shot him an amused smirk. “Also the first Captain in a decade to win your school the U-17 league.”

Ishan roughed his hair in agitation. “Do I look like a fucking Captain to you right now? It doesn't matter anymore. People were right, my pride is worthless.”

“Then prove them wrong.”

Ishan looked up. “Huh?”

"Kids these days act like life ends at eighteen," Shastri said with a scoff. “Is there anything like worthless pride? Maybe.”

“Is there a ‘but’?” Ishan asked in a small voice.

Shastri smiled. “Butdon't you ever let them forget your worthless pride.”

Ishan studied the man’s expression, looking for any sign of pity, but there wasn't any. “Why are you here? You’re Shubman’s personal coach, aren't you?”

Shastri took a swig of his diet coke that happened to have magically appeared in his hand. “I’m also one of the scouts today.”

Ishan’s eyes widened in surprise as he stood up abruptly. “R-Really? Is Shubman getting selected?”

Ishan couldn't figure out if it was hope or resentment that bubbled in the pit of his stomach. Shastri waved dismissively, “It’s not much of a competition when there’s Virat and Rohit. We pick our players halfway through the season, boy. Does it make you feel any better now?”

“Hell no. It makes me mad,” Ishan grunted.

“That’s a good sign,” Shastri laughed as he gazed out at the ground. “Gill, he’s going toMeridian.”

Ishan snapped his head up, his heart racing with a mix of surprise and disappointment. Shubman hadn't mentioned anything about it. Sure, both of them had applied for one of the most prestigious sports institutes around but Shubman never told him he got in. Probably because Ishan hadn't received his acceptance letter yet.

“Oh,” was all Ishan could say.

Shastri looked back at the boy. “Come toSummit, Kishan.”

“Are you offering to train me?” Ishan asked with a frown. He knew Shastri wasn't one to go around advertising, so there must be a catch.

"I couldn't care less about all that anymore," Shastri snorted. "I'm just waiting for my retirement, then I'm gonna wander the mountains, smoke weed with the ascetics or something."

If Ishan wasn't so caught up in his emotions, he would have been impressed by the man's sheer ability to not give any fucks.

“Why do you want me to come then?” He asked.

Shastri sounded genuine for once when he said, “Summithas never won a final.”

Ishan felt a small ignition behind his eyes. “You think I can make them win?”

Shastri paused as he stared at the boy before smiling, as if he saw something beyond Ishan’s tear-streaked cheeks that he had rubbed harshly enough to make sure no one noticed.

“You think you can't?”

Ishan knew what he had to do. He was going to let his thoughts take over.

So he stood before his two best friends, a steely stoic glint in his eyes. “Congrats.”

Abhishek tried to stop Shubman from sprouting anything stupid, but the tension in the air was palpable.

“That's all?” Shubman sneered. “You didn't show uponce. The boys, Coach, your parents, everyone was waiting for you. That’s messed up, Ishan.”

“I know you're upset,” Abhishek spoke softly. “But things happen in sports, you know.”

“Well, I’m not going to accept as things are. I’m fuckingstubbornand I’ll hold onto that,” he said with a pointed look at Shubman.

“Fine. What are you going to do then? Whatcanyou do, Ishan?” Shubman retorted, growing frustrated by the second.

“I’ll win,” Ishan replied calmly. “I’ll win the college league. I’ll defeat you if that's the last thing I do.”

Shubman wanted to laugh but he felt like he would end up crying. He was tired, so tired of everything.Of Ishan. His love was worn out. His love wasn't enough to save his best friend. So, he didn't shout. He didn't ask what had happened to their promise of playing together. To their dreams of joining the national team someday. Tothem.

Abhishek's grip tightened on Ishan's shoulder as he yelled, “What aboutme?Why do you never think about me? Do you really think we would betray you?Iwould betray you? What have I done to not earn your trust even after so many years, Ishan? You’re fucking hurting me, both of you!”

Shubman felt a lump form in the back of his throat, unshed tears threatening to spill. "Fuck this. Fuck you both," he muttered. "I’m not going to run myself over for your charity friendship, Ishan.”

Ishan’s stomach churned with guilt, but he knew he had to do this. If he didn't, his thoughts would consume him. He couldn't always hide away in Shubman’s hugs. He had to do something for himself. One day, Shubman was going to see howweakhe was, and leave him for good. Ishan couldn't let that happen. So, he was going to leave first.

He turned to Abhishek, who looked shaken up from all that was happening. “Whose side are you on?”

“Will you just fucking stop?!” Shubman yelled.

But Ishan kept his gaze fixed on Abhishek, who looked utterly heartbroken. “Shubman,” he mumbled.

Ishan simply nodded while Shubman widened his eyes nervously. “Abhi, you don't have to do this. L-Let's just slap some sense into him and it’ll be okay, alright?”

Abhishek released his grip from Ishan slowly, turning to Shubman. “Don't you see it? He’s not our Ish anymore.”

Shubman watched as Ishan turned away, walking out of the room. “Stop him, Abhi. He’ll listen to you, fucking stop him-”

“Shubman,” Abhishek said sharply. “Let him go.”

“No, he’s overthinking again. His mind is scary, it got to him. Please, we need to stop him.” The tears finally rolled down his face as he sobbed.

“We can't protect him forever, Shub. I think he knows what he’s doing,” Abhishek said, trying to sound calmer than he felt.

“What the fuck is he doing?” Shubman mumbled into Abhishek's shoulder as he fell into a hug.

Abhishek smiled through his own tears as he rubbed circles on Shubman’s back. “Hedoingthis to put a stop to his thoughts,” he murmured softly. “He will come back, Shub. He’ll come back stronger than ever.”

It's not that they stopped trying to contact Ishan. It was just that their hearts broke every time the hopeful ring turned into “The number you have dialed is no longer in service.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:fucking3kwords. ab toh nahi milega update jaldi :)

btw i was watching that mi vs srh practice clip of ishan & abhi. and like. do you see how ishan just grabbed abhi’s waist and pulled him in??? im100% sure ishan calls abhi babygirl, and they both annoy mayank to no end. even in that clip, after that smexy pull, they turned to mayank lmao. count my fucking money that ishan flirts wih abhi 💯