•SHUBMAN GILL•

I stop the car in front of his house, and he hops out. As I am about to leave, he comes and opens the car door, offering me a hand with a wide smile. "Come."

Um, excuse me? Did I miss something, or did I skip some chapters? What's happening? Why is he inviting me to his house out of nowhere with that expression?

Someone, help please!

As I contemplate why he is all of a sudden behaving like this, he comes close to my face - ummm?

His face is so close to mine that I can feel his warm breath. He then whispers in my ear, "My mom is here."

"Huh?" I look at him and then on the other side, a woman is standing there looking at us.

"So?" I ask him, not knowing why he stopped me.

"Please come with me. After the article incident, I haven't talked to her properly. If you come with me, then I won't have to listen to her lectures."

"So you didn't know that she was coming?"

"No, she didn't tell me."

Should I help him? Or should I make some excuse and leave? I want to choose the latter option, but I am not an asshole.

Whom am I kidding? I really am an asshole.

"Umm, Ishan, um...," Before I could complete my sentence, he tightly holds my wrist. "Please, Shubman."

If I deny his request now, then I'll achieve expert level of assholeness, and I am in no mood to achieve that, at least not right now, so I agree to go with him.

As we approach her, Ishan gives her a tight hug. "You didn't tell me that you were coming."

She breaks the hug and asks, "Oh, so that you can make some excuse? Tell me, why haven't I met your boyfriend? And not just that, you didn't even tell me anything properly?"

"Ah, sorry, mom, actually-......"

His mom approaches me as I am standing a few steps away from them. She puts one hand on my shoulder. "Shubman, beta, you look even more handsome in real life."

And after she says that, I forget how to behave, how to smile, and even how to exist. What do you do when your boyfriend's mom compliments you? Do you say thank you? That's so arrogant.

Or do you just smile? But not saying anything is rude.

Why hasn't anyone told me what to do in such a situation? Yes, I need help in these situations because I am as awkward as hell in front of new people, especially when I have to present myself decently before them.

I look at Ishan, and he is doing something with his eyes. It takes me a moment to realize that he is asking me to touch her feet.

Yeah, I forgot basic manners/sanskars as well. Please don't judge me.

I touch her feet, and she puts her hand on my head. She takes both of us to the backyard, as the sun has already dipped, and the weather is very pleasant outside.

I keep looking at Ishan as if asking him to tell me what to say next or what to do next.

I can bet my gold chain that he is internally screaming, "Don't embarrass me, Shubman, please behave."

But only if I had his calm.

There should be classes where they tell you how to behave and what to say in these situations. More importantly, they should tell you how to behave in front of your fake boyfriend's mom.

"You know what, beta? He didn't tell me anything about you, and I got to know about your relationship through social media," she voices her disappointment.

But wait a minute, why didn't Ishan tell her that it's all fake? I will ask him later.

"I really wanted to meet you since then," she looks at me smiling and adoringly.

"Yeah, me too, aunty. I wanted to meet you. I even asked Ishan for it," lies, lies, lies.

She serves us drinks even after I declined.

"Have something, beta," I don't want to be rude, but I know for sure if I pick up the glass, I'll either end up breaking it or spilling the drink, or worse, spilling the drink over Ishan. I am in no mood to do any of it and embarrass myself.

"For how long are you going to stay here?" Ishan asks in an attempt to divert the topic from the drink.

"Why aren't you happy that I came?" He asks dramatically.

"NO, NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT," he says defensively. "I asked because you came alone and not with dad."

"I am going the day after tomorrow. I came here to attend one of my friend's daughter's wedding," she explains.

"Ohh."

"Shubman, do you want to see Ishan's childhood pictures?" There is excitement in the way she asks me, as if she was only waiting for Ishan to have a boyfriend so that she can show him Ishan's childhood pictures.

"Sure, aunty," as soon as I say this, Ishan looks at me as if I have said something wrong.

"Mom, no, please," he whines to her.

"What, no? Let me show him your cute childhood pictures," she says, getting up to get the album.

"Yeah, cute and embarrassing pictures," he says to her as she walks away.

Once she was completely inside the house, Ishan asks, "Why didn't you deny her?"

"Why should I? And also, she is so excited to show me those."

He just makes a grimace expression and says, "For the next hour, you are going to see a show whose title is: Mom embarrassing her own son in front of his boyfriend, just for fun."

I giggle as he dramatically finishes his speech, and he just glares at me, not so harshly.

Now I am feeling much more comfortable here. His mom returns with a huge photo album in her hand.

She starts showing me the pictures, and with each picture, she also tells the backstory of that picture.

"And this..." She laughs, showing me a picture of Ishan in which he is wearing nothing, literally nothing.

"He was refusing to wear anything, God knows why, and Raj took the picture."

I too laugh with her.

"Oh god, mom, I wasn't even one at that time," and he just hides his face under his palm.

"And this one, do you see how scared he looks here?" She shows the picture to Ishan as well.

"You won't believe, Shubman, but Ishan was so scared of cameras, he literally started crying every time he saw one."

I giggle and ask him, "Really, Ishan? Scared of cameras?"

"I WAS A FREAKING CHILD, OH MY GOD, I CAN'T EMBARRASS MYSELF ANYMORE HERE, I AM GOING INSIDE," he says loudly before barging inside the house. Poor Ishan, but I am enjoying this, hehe.

She then shows me some other pictures, and I have to say this: he was cute, and he is cute. I think he looks even cuter now, but will I ever tell him that? Naah.

She somehow manages to make me stay for dinner, even though Ishan wasn't very happy about that. Of course, he wasn't.

Ishan and I are sitting side by side. She serves us the yummy food and looks at us with those same heart eyes that my mom was giving us in the restaurant.

"You two look so good together," she says directly, staring at us with those heart eyes, and Ishan starts coughing.

I pass him the water, patting his back.

Now the look on his mom's face intensifies even more, and I am so sure that she is planning our marriage in her head.

After dinner, Ishan manages to drag me out of the house before his mom can practically make us marry each other on the spot.

"Your mom is really sweet," I say to him as we both approach the main gate.

"I know, right? But she can be overwhelming sometimes."

"Yeah, just like my mom. They could be really good friends."

We both stand beside the car, the cool breeze of the night feeling good on our skin.

"I forgot to ask, but why didn't you tell her that we aren't actually boyfriends?"

He leans against the car and replies, "If she and dad knew anything, it means the world knows it... They can't keep secrets, so it's better not to tell them anything."

"Ohhh," is all I could say.

My phone rings, and it's mom.

"Yes, mom... Huh?... Ishan?... Okay... Sure," the call ends within a minute.

"What happened?" asks Ishan because the conversation between mom and me includes his name as well.

"We have this big Pooja coming on Tuesday, so she asked me to invite you... You are free that day, right?"

"Yeah, I will come."

And as I was about to open the door of the car, I turned to him and teased him, "You really were scared of the cameras, weren't you... Are you still scared..."

He turns in my direction but somehow loses his balance, and in an attempt to save him from falling, I lose my balance too, and we both end up on the ground, Ishan under me and I over him.

He tightly shuts his eyes, but fortunately, my hand was over his head, so it didn't hurt him that much. He slowly opens his eyes and looks at mine, and... and...

"Shubman... Shubman."

"Huh... yeah."

"Where did you get lost? You were literally staring at me for 2 minutes. Can we get up now?"

"Ah-umm yeah, sure."

In an attempt to get up fast, I end up bumping my head on Ishan's.

"Owwwwhhhh," he cries.

"Oh my god, I am so sorry," I gently rub his forehead.

"It's okay," he says, but he lets me rub his forehead, and then he just starts laughing.

"Who would have thought that this day would end up like this," he says between his laughs.

"You mean us ending up on the ground?"

He just laughs, a melodic one, sweet and pleasant. He leans towards me while laughing and keeps his head over my shoulder.

And it feels...

Good.

Peaceful.

---

I am tired as I have been running errands since morning. Today, we have the big Pooja that I mentioned. It will start in the evening, but all the work needs to be done before that.

As the evening approaches, the guests start arriving. I was given the duty to welcome them, and I am least suitable for that duty.

Kuldeep bhaiya and Shreyas also arrive, as they were in Delhi, so I invited them as well.

Within an hour, all the guests have arrived except one: Ishan.

At first, I thought he might be late.

But now it's getting much later... I tried calling him, but he didn't pick up.

And I am not getting a good feeling about it. Even Kuldeep bhaiya and Shreyas tried calling him, but no response.

He told me that he'd arrive at 5, but now it's 8. If he got busy with something, he could have at least told me.

And now it's concerning.

~~~