"Wake up shubi the coffee is turning cold" ishan yells for the nth time trying to wake shubman up.

"Fine I'm eating alone then!" He snaps after seeing no movement at all.

Ishan turned to walk towards the table he had put the breakfast on that he ordered from room service. He took one last look at shubman who's still sleeping.

He took out a plate for himself taking a butter tost in it. A sigh left his lips as he have to eat alone. He looked around after taking a bite. The food doesn't taste good or his appetite died.

Ishan got up with his coffee to walk towards the balcony, he'll just enjoy his coffee with some fresh air.

"There you are!" Shubman let out a dramatic sigh walking behind him.

Arms circled around ishan's waist and shubman nuzzled closer, standing behind him with his body pressed against him.

"Good morning baby" shubman whispered against ishan's ear in his sleepy voice.

Ishan's grip on coffee mug tightened. He gulp down the sip he had taken just before, words lost in his throat as he felt the way shubman's nose rubbed against his ear for attention.

"Let's go eat" shubman said.

"I ate already" ishan looked away trying not to stare at those pouty lips for long.

Shubman frowned as he took away the coffee mug ishan was holding running inside with it then coming back empty handed.

"What-" ishan cursed out loud when he was lifted off the ground.

"Shubman!" He hold onto shubman's neck for support "i told you I'm done eating"

"Then sit and watch me eat" shubman said taking him over the table where he placed himself with ishan still in his arms.

"Feed me?" Shubman asks not wanting to let ishan go.

Ishan looked away taking a plate out for shubman "God stop abusing your power! I will break my bone someday if you drop me"

Shubman doesn't say anything instead he opens his mouth when ishan's hand come to feed him.

...........☆☆☆.........

Ishan got the news of him dropping from playing XI form the 4th odi match through a text. He was looking at the updated playing player's list.

"What are you looking at" shubman asks seeing how ishan's face fall after seeing whatever he's looking at.

"They dropped me from playing XI again." Ishan sighs "tikal got dropped too"

"Are you serious? This can't be" shubman says taking ishan's phone out of his hand to look.

It would be a total lie if ishan says he doesn't feel betrayed by the management.

"It was bound to happen after sheryas bhaiya return" ishan says his shoulder dropped.

"Let's hope you're playing for SA tour" shubman says hugging him.

Ishan remains silent. Hope is a terrible thing but he hope he's in playing XI for SA tour. There's a part inside him which is tired of getting his hopes crushed, tired of getting suppressed over and over again.

...........☆☆☆........

"Separate the dirty clothes don't just throw them all in" ishan yells when he sees shubman just throwing everything in his bag.

"Seriously shub!" Ishan huffed. "You can't just throw everything in and close it"

"Move!" Ishan says emptying shubman's bag then folding clothes one by one.

"On this side you put all the dirty clothes" ishan teaches shubman as he pack his bag "on this side all the washed clothes and important things goes into your handbag"

"I will pack you in my handbag if i can" shubman grins "you're the most important thing"

"Now that i think again your tiny body might fit in that handbag" ishan grasped when he hoisted him up twirled around laughing.

Ishan looked down when shubman held him up with his arms around ishan's hips.

"One more joke about my height and I'm cutting all your extra inches until you're shorter than me!" Ishan hit shubman's shoulders.

"Now put me down i need to do the packing" ishan whines.

Shubman was still grinning up at him. Slowly putting him down on the floor, he didn't let ishan go completely. Arms still around his waist eyes gazing over his face with a gentle smile.

"Let's go shopping once we're in Cape town" shubman says enthusiasm evident in his voice.

"It's been a while since we went shopping" ishan turned away getting out of shubman's hold.

........☆☆☆......

"I'm sitting on window seat!" Ishan whisper shouts at shubman.

"Well it's my seat, and you're not sitting on it" shubman fight back.

"You know how much i love to see the clouds!" Ishan can't help but mutter to himself "competitive bitch."

"It's a night journey ishan" shubman is speechless.

"I wanna see the night lights" ishan says suddenly forgetting about the clouds.

"You know what fine, I'll just sit next to-" ishan looked around to see Who's sitting next to other window seats "I'll sit next to Shreyas bhaiya he won't mind changing"

"Fine a 20 minutes neck massage after the flight and I'll let you sit" shubman says giving in. Holding ishan back.

"10 minutes and we have a deal" ishan ran to sit on shubman's seat even before he could seal the deal.

Shubman walked towards hotel elevator with a jet lagged ishan sticking onto his back like a monkey.

Shubman had to give piggyback to ishan after he started whining about his fatigue, he's not getting that neck massage today he knows that much. He shakes his head in disappointment.

"Alrighty get off now let me unlock the room." Shubman says bending down a bit.

"No" ishan enunciates, not letting shubman go squeezing him harder.

"What do you mean no? Get off" shubman says trying to get ishan off.

"I'll only get off when there's a bed next to me" ishan whines.

Shubman sighs giving up as he try to open the door with one hand.

"Here's the bed now would you get off my lord?" Shubman says shaking ishan a bit.

Ishan jumps onto the bed with shubman still in his hold.

"What are you doing ishh" shubman chuckled as he shifts to make the position more comfortable, he slips his arm beneath ishan head, subtly pulls him closer so that he can rest his chin on his head.

"A quick nap doesn't sound like a bad idea" shubman says closings his eyes.

"Mm" ishan hums, shubman freeze at the fact that it suspiciously sounds like a moan.

Shubman takes a moment before grabbing ishan's thigh pulling him closer shamelessly hand never leaving from there.

........☆☆☆........

"Why it's always me driving?" Shubman groans getting into driver's seat.

"Well it's also you who don't want a driver to drive us around" ishan mutters rolling his eyes.

"Then you be being a passenger princess to some random dude and I'll have to sit alone in the backseat" shubman huffs.

"You know i don't like sitting in backseat" ishan mumbled.

"That's why I'm in the driver's seat babe" shubman hums, placing his hand on ishan's thigh that was not covered by the black shorts he's wearing.

The evening breeze hit ishan's face as they drive off, shubman's chatter filled the silence that ishan found engulfing him, people say ishan talks a lot but when it comes to just shubman and him, it's shubman doing all the talk. it's the extrovert side of shubman that pops out when they're together.

Maybe a little too extrovert shubman likes to tease he's a natural flirt, sometimes he doesn't even notice he was flirting, or he didn't really mean it the way ishan wanted it to be.

"Can we visit the jewelry store now" ishan whines hands full of bags filled with clothes they just bought.

"Alright let's go" shubman nodes, smiling at ishan's pouty face.

"How does this look" ishan asks showing shubman the bracelet he was wearing.

"Looks good" shubman says.

Shubman loitered around, his eyes skimming the necklaces displayed. Until his eyes found that. It was a necklace made out of pearls with silver charms in between.

'This would look so good hanging aboveishan'schest tattoo'the thought came instantaneously.

"How much for this one" shubman asks pointing at the necklace.

"$3700 and 5% off if you pay by credit card" the lady behind the counter smiled at him taking off the necklace.

"Can i get another similar to this one" shubman asks.

"It have 2 more venetians let me show you" the sales lady goes to pull out two more boxes.

"I'd like this one and the one you took out before packed" Shubman says pulling out his wallet.

"Here try this" shubman says handing ishan the pearl necklace.

Ishan's eyes paused, linger, and widened slightly in fascination over the necklace that he's placing on his neck now.

"This one's so pretty" ishan says in awe "I'm gonna buy it"

"Already bought" shubman says.

Ishan's face visibly brightens a wide smile appearing on his face "wait really?" He almost screams.

Shubman nodes.

"Are you trying to woo me?? Sugar daddy perhaps??" Ishan asked grinning.

"You like being sugar baby don't you" shubman replies teasing.

"That i do enjoy" ishan chuckles.

..........end for today...........

.

.

.

.

.

.

Author's note:

On today's topic we got the most beautiful legs.

Legs that are the reason for many people's gay awakening.

Legs that do open!! And you all know for whom.....😗