a/n:jeetne ki khushi mein update. today MI was MI-ing. no downfall will stop me from supporting them. and ishan meri jaan, you were a beauty today <3

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

Ishan woke up in a cold sweat, his heart pounding in his chest. He rubbed his temples with a groan, the harsh lights stinging his eyes. “Fuck, am I dead,” he muttered.

“Not yet.”

Ishan blinked at the sight of Aditi beside him. “Am I dreaming?”

“No,” she chuckled softly, handing him a glass of water.

Ishan mentally cussed, realizing she had probably seen him sprawled on the bed like a dying seal for god knows how long. Clearing his throat awkwardly, he sat up. “What’re you doing here?”

“Would you rather wake up to someone else?” she teased.

Ishan flushed a little. “Um, that’s not what I– How long have I been out?”

She didn't answer. Instead she crossed her arms, a concerned furrow appearing on her brow. “You know, Ishan, you really had us worried.”

“Sorry, I just…” he trailed off, rubbing his neck.

“What are you sorry for, silly? For being selfless?”

Ishan winced, feeling a pang of unease. “I’m not sure if that fits me,” he mumbled.

“Hm?”

“Nothing. H-How’s the match going?”

Ishan’s voice wavered with jitters. What if they were losing? Or worse, what if they were losing because ofhim?Besides, he had a promise to fulfill– the one he made to Shubman three years ago.

Oh, right. He remembered Shubman shouting his name before he blacked out. “Who brought me here?” he asked, finally glancing around the medical room.

"Tilak," Aditi replied. "The timeout ended, so the others couldn't leave the ground.”

"I see," Ishan muttered. “Poor Tillu, the boy’s barely got any flesh on him.”

Aditi chuckled softly as she looked for the cold packs. Ishan watched her quietly, his mind still reeling from what happened. What were the odds of history repeating itself on a day he'd desperately wished it wouldn't? The weight of knowing he was responsible for his own injury both times sat on his shoulder like the eagle pecking out Prometheus’s liver.

“Earth to, Ishan?” Aditi's voice broke through his thoughts as she waved her hands in front of his face. “You've been a little lost lately. What's the matter, Ish?”

Ishan’s breath came out labored, his body hunched over as his hands clenched tightly around his head, fingers digging into his scalp. “I feel pathetic, Adi.”

Aditi softened at how vulnerable he looked. She moved closer to him, gently patting his back. “I’m listening, tell me what's been bothering you.”

He peeked at her from behind his hands, half expecting to see a look of pity or charitable sympathy. But there was onlyaffection. Ishan had never spoken out loud about what happened, not even to Mayank. Everyone had a vague idea about how him and Shubman fell out, but no one knew the hurt that came along with it. He fleeted his gaze around the walls, fearing that Aditi too would see the weakness he had so long tried to hide from her. “Do you know that I never played the U-17 final?” he asked, swallowing a lump in his throat.

“Yes, I heard,” she replied, nodding slowly. “Have you been thinking about the past?”

Ishan shifted on the bed uneasily, finding the right words. “I injured myself the day before the final… just like now. I don't know why it happened again.”

Aditi smiled softly, nodding along as he continued. “I think I was so scared of it happening again– and I was trying so hard to prevent it–thatit inadvertently ended up happening again. Sorry, am I making sense?”

“You are. It happens sometimes; some kind of fear-desire paradox, I guess,” she replies with a weak laugh. “Ish, I want you to know that making mistakes is okay.”

“But-!” Ishan almost exclaimed, but caught himself before he let out a frustrated sigh. “Two times, Adi. How can I fuck up the same twice? And it cost me more than just the match. It cost me… everything.”

He blinked back the tears threatening to spill. Fuck, he didn't want to break down in front of her. “I’m sick of myself, Adi. Ireallytried this time, I did. No one has hurt me like I have,” he whispered shakily. He glanced at his hands that have gotten rougher in the past few weeks with all the relentless practice.

Aditi couldn't bear the sight of theirbrightestboy hurting. He didn't deserve to feel this way, not when all he had ever done was make others feelworthy. “Ishan,” she smiled, prompting him to look up.

“Let it go,” she said.

Ishan stared at her through his blurry vision. He waited for her to continue but that was all she said.What? What do I let go? What if it leaves claw marks?It was the worst time to remember something his high school English teacher, in a class that Ishan found particularly uninteresting even by his standards, had said.“When you’re born in a burning house, you think the whole world is on fire. But it’s not.”Maybe that’s what it was. Ishan hadn’t known anything other than his regrets for a long time. He had built a home in them.

“Ish,” Aditi finally spoke again. “Forgive yourself.”

Ishan was crying before he realized. His hands quivered like a prayer, spread over his body like mercy. Then it justclicked. The answer was right before his eyes all along. He was just not brave enough to ask the question.

What do you do when you fail, again, and again, and again?

You forgive yourself, again, and again, and again.

He looked up at Aditi, who hadn’t stopped smiling. “What if I don’t?” he asked.

Her smile only widened. “Time will pass anyways.”

Ishan's laughter bubbled forth, genuine and unbridled. "You're right," he conceded with a chuckle, wiping away his tears. "So I might as well."  It was as odd as it was not, how simple life was. Just like cricket. What choice was there but to keep going,despite?Win or lose, what mattered was to never give up.

“What do you regret the most, Ish?” Aditi asked, breaking the comfortable silence that had stretched on.

What did he regret the most? Was it injuring himself? Or was it not being good enough? Or was it blaming Shubman? Or was it abandoning Abhishek? Or was it just being a seventeen year old boy with dreams?

"I….regret,” Ishan felt his mouth go dry. “I regret not being there with my team that day, when they won– whenwewon. I regret not running down to the ground, even with my injury, and crying with them instead of crying alone in the dressing room. It wouldn't have mattered that we were crying for different reasons if we weretogether.”

Aditi smiled. It didn't look sad. It was one of her beautiful smiles that Ishan would often remember on random afternoons, gazing at the sunset. “Then do it now,” she said.

“H-Huh?”

“You asked me how long you were out, right?”

Ishan raised an eyebrow, his head tilted in confusion. Aditi added, “Long enough for us to win.”

Ishan's eyes widened, a small gasp escaping his lips. “Please tell me you’re joking–”

“I’m not!” Aditi giggled happily. “We did it, Ish!”

All Ishan could do was cry again. This time though, happy tears. He quickly rose to his feet, his eyes gleaming with mirth. Suddenly, it didn’t matter who won them the match. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t play. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t see Shubman’s face asMeridianlost. All that mattered was that theywon.

“God, I think I’m gonna pass out again,” he exclaimed.

“Not before you kiss the trophy!”

Ishan spun around to see his teammates, immediately jumping into their midst. He reached out to ruffle Rishabh's hair proudly, who stood tall holding the trophy. Ishan's heart swelled at the sight of it. “She’s gorgeous,” he whispered as the others chuckled.

“It’s finally yours.”

Ishan shook his head before pecking the cool surface of the trophy. “Ours.”

“O Captain! My Captain!” Surya sang, as everyone cheered.

Rohit swatted Ishan’s head gently when the boy looked like he was about to tear up. “Tilak and Siraj cried enough on everyone's behalf,” he said, pulling the boy in a tight hug. Everyone stared fondly as Ishan’s breathy laughs filled the room. Tilak and Siraj latched onto their Captain like leeches and bawled out their eyes yet again.

"Guess who took Gill’s catch," Mayank said with a smirk. Then, before Ishan could respond, he blurted out, "Abhishek!"

Ishan's smile wavered slightly, but he quickly covered it up with a chuckle. His eyes searched for the boy in the huddle, but couldn't find him. Long after their celebratory dances and group selfies, he slipped away to look for him. Sure enough, Ishan spotted him, quietly watching Shubman's post-match interview from a distance.

Ishan hesitated as he inched closer towards the boy. Abhishek’s shoulders looked slumped from behind, like he was trying to make himself smaller. Ishan clenched his fists, breathing deeply, as he whispered to himself, “Let it go.”

Abhishek yelped in surprise as someone suddenly leaped onto his back, nearly knocking the wind out of him. The only reason why he didn't drop the person was because he knew who it was. He had done this more times than he could count. His hands shot out and grasped the other’s calves as easily as breathing. He knew that giggle tickling his ears like the back of his hand.

"Ish," he spoke in his softest voice.

"Don't you think you should check on someone who passed out?" Ishan pouted.

"I thought you wouldn't want to see me," Abhishek mumbled.

Ishan's heart broke a little at that. He raised his hand and smacked Abhishek, prompting a whine from him. “Yeah, I would never want to see you if you say something stupid like that again,” he huffed.

Abhishek chuckled weakly, rocking lightly on his feet. “Okay, I’m sorry. How are you feeling now?”

“Hm, very proud.” Ishan rubbed his cheek against Abhishek’s affectionately, causing the other to giggle as well. “I’m so proud of you boys.”

“Especially me, right?” Abhishek grinned.

“Especiallyfor taking Shubi’s catch.”

“Oh, you should have seen his face! So satisfying.”

Ishan guffawed, throwing his head back. “Man, I missed it. I can finally gloat to him for the rest of his life.”

Abhishek hummed softly as they gazed at the boy in the distance. While his smile seemed strained, he didn't appear as distraught as Ishan would have been if they had lost.

Later, when Ishan was planting a kiss on Abhishek’s cheek as he got piggybacked around, Shubman rushed to them, letting out a dramatic gasp. “How many betrayals tonight, Abhi?!”

Ishan rolled his eyes playfully, then leaned in to deliberately kiss the boy's other cheek. Shubman let out a small squeal, reaching over to rub Abhishek's face with the hem of his sleeve. “No PDA if I can't join!”

Abhishek chuckled, pushing away Shubman. “Shoo, I’m having some quality time with my best friend,” he said, sticking out his tongue.

Shubman pouted, puffing out his cheeks. Then, with a grin, he jumped onto them, causing them to tumble down together. Hearty laughs filled the air around them as they lay on the ground, gazing up at the night sky.

“Do you remember when I had my leg fractured in middle school?” Ishan asked.

“I definitely remember Shub crying like you were about to die,” Abhishek said with a snicker.

Shubman swatted his arm, huffing. “I was worried, okay? He was so small, I thought his body was more fragile than others!”

Ishan shot him a glare before continuing, “I couldn't play for so long, and I used to sulk around all day. I couldn't even watch Dhoni play because my hands would itch to get on my gloves, and then mom would scold me.”

Shubman scrunched his nose, remembering howemptyit felt to not have Ishan around in practice. “Then we lied to you that we weren't playing either, so that you would feel better.”

Ishan sighed. “Yeah, but I could never let that happen so I told you guys to- Wait, you lied?!”

Shubman erupted into fits of giggles as Ishan playfully tickled him, and Abhishek joined in. "Would the loser like to say anything?" Ishan asked with a smirk, his fingers still dancing along Shubman's sides.

Shubman huffed, attempting to swat Ishan's hand away amidst his laughter. "But you didn't even play," he replied before he could fully catch his breath. The regret followed instantly when Ishan stilled, his hands falling by his sides.

Shubman wished Ishan would slap him, punch him, anything to alleviate the guilt gnawing at him. His heart clenched as he shut his eyes, bracing himself for Ishan's reaction.Why am I so stupid?He did not have the heart to look at those hurt eyes, not when he’d spent the past few weeks trying to win Ishan’s trust again.

“Low blow, Shub,”Abhishek thought as he nervously glanced at Ishan, ready to hold him down if the boy tried to bolt.

Shubman was forced to open his eyes when Ishan tightened his grip on his collar. “Ish, I’m–”

“I guess I didn't even need to play to beat you. That's how good my team is,” Ishan said with a grin.

Shubman gaped, not sure how to respond. Abhishek finally chuckled, slinging an arm around Ishan. “Damn right! Sucks to lose, eh?”

A short laugh escaped Shubman’s lips, turning into a relieved one. “Whatever, I won the POTT this time,” he beamed.

“I took pity on you,” Ishan said, ruffling his hair.

Shubman could die happily tonight if you asked. He wasn't sure what changed and he didn't dare ask. Whatever it was, he was thankful to have his Ishan back. He pulled the smaller boy in a desperate hug, holding him tightly. “I missed you,” he whispered.

Ishan’s expression softened as he rubbed the other’s back affectionately. This was it.Home. “I missed you too,” Ishan whispered back before pulling Abhishek into the hug as well.

If life ever gives you a second chance, grab it like the hand of an old friend.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:sorry for the lack of ishman, but i truly believe that main characters do not make a story. aditi and abhi will have a big role here, and without them, ishan can’t have his character development. he made some progress in this chp tho, didn’t he?

also, this chp is dedicated to everyone who struggles with themselves like me. just remember– wakt hai, guzar jaayega :)