•SHUBMAN GILL•

He said he'd arrive at 5, but it's almost 7 now. If he got busy with something, he could have at least informed me.

And now it's becoming concerning.

Why isn't he picking up my calls?

I anxiously glance at the clock every few minutes. I've been waiting for him for almost two hours now.

Ishan isn't usually this reckless. If he wasn't planning to come, he would have called me. I've called him numerous times, but there's been no response.

The Pooja has already started, but I couldn't bring myself to be there. I'm standing at the main gate, hoping for him to arrive. Every minute is nerve-wracking now.

As more time passes, my worries are turning into fears. My mind is jumping on worst case scenarios and I hate it.

I can't wait any longer. I've tried reaching his brother, but he's currently not in India, and his mom returned to Mumbai yesterday. So now, there's only one option—I'm going to search for him.

As I'm about to head inside to grab my keys, a car stops in front of the house. I glance at the car and realize it's Ishan's.

THANK FUCK.

He opens the car door and stands there, relief washing over me as I rush to him, momentarily forgetting my worries.

Reaching out to him, I say, "You're finally here. What took you so long? I've been waiting for over two hours, and you weren't picking up my calls," all in one breath.

But as I step closer, I notice that his demeanor has changed. His clothes are crumpled, his hair disheveled, and he's wearing sunglasses at night.

"And why—" I begin to ask about his condition, which doesn't look great, but he starts fixing his clothes and hair. His expressions are grim.

"What happened, Ishan? Are you okay?" My concern is quite evident in my voice.

He slightly nods his head. "Can I use the washroom?" he asks, ignoring my questions.

"Yeah, sure," I reply. I want to ask again what happened to him, but I think that can wait. I show him the way to my room.

When he comes out of the washroom, he has washed his face, and the sunglasses are gone. Then I notice his eyes, why do they look red and puffy as if he cried? He is not at all looking like his usual self. And now I am getting more worried.

"Ishan..." he cuts me off, as if he knows what I am going to ask.

In a low voice, he says, "We should join the Pooja now, otherwise we will miss it."

It seems like he is deliberately ignoring my questions.

"If you're not feeling good, then you can rest—"

"No, I'm good, I'm fine," he says in a manner that feels like he's not telling me but convincing himself.

If he doesn't want to tell me, I don't want to force it.

"Okay, let's go."

During all the time we were there, Ishan did not interact with anyone, which is very unlikely for him.

Even Kuldeep bhaiya and Shreyas notices the change too. When they ask me, I tell them that nothing serious was going on because I don't want to worry them, and also because I myself didn't know what is wrong actually.

As the whole thing wraps up, I notice Ishan's absence. At first, I thought he was gone, but I find him in the backyard just standing there. I can't see his face, so I walk over to him. "Ishan," I say softly. He turns slightly to acknowledge my presence, and then I notice that he is crying.

He hastily tries to wipe his tears and compose himself. "I should go now, it's late," he says as he tries to walk away. I hold his wrist, stopping him. "What happened, Ishan? You can tell me."

He looks into my eyes, his eyes welling up with tears. He looks so vulnerable; it breaks my heart to see him like this. He didn't say anything, just stood there. And I am still holding his wrist.

"Okay, you don't want to tell me, fine. But please stay for the night; you are not in a condition to drive."

And also, I don't want him to be alone. I desperately want him to stay.

He agrees to stay.

I hand him my clothes to change into, after changing he reappears from the washroom. He just stands there without saying anything. I stand up; I want to ask again why he was crying.

The air between us grows heavier with unspoken words. He looks so small and defeated. I want to reach out and pull him into a tight comforting embrace and assure him that whatever it is, it's going to be okay.

But he remains stubbornly distant, retreating further into himself, not wanting to reach out for any kind of help.

Eventually defeated, I reluctantly let the matter drop. Atleast for now.

"You can sleep here," I say, arranging the pillows. He doesn't say anything.

I receive a phone call, so I leave the room. When I return, I see him lying in bed all curled up, looking so small, his eyes closed. I pull the comforter over him.

His unkempt hair covers his forehead, so I gently pull them back.

As I'm about to leave, he grabs my hand. I look down at his hold and then at him. His eyes are still closed, and his hold is very gentle.

"Please stay," his voice barely above a whisper. If I weren't looking at his lip movement, I would have missed it.

I can sense his vulnerability.

"Okay," I say in a gentle tone. I don't know what happened or what he is going through, but one thing I know for sure is that I have to be here with him.

I lay beside him in bed. I can hear soft sniffling; he is crying again, probably, as his eyes were already red and puffy.

He is facing the other side."Come here," I say, shifting a little towards him. He turns himself towards me; he doesn't open his eyes, and just hugs me. I gently wrap my arms around him, pulling him closer, keeping his head pressed to my chest. I can feel his trembling breath against my skin.

Maybe he just needs this, needs some comfort at this moment, and I am willing to provide it. I want to ask again why he is crying, what probably happened, but I don't want to push him.

After a while, his hold tightens around me as he snuggles closer. I can feel the fabric of my t-shirt getting wet as he cries, silently this time.

"It's going to be okay," I murmur, tracing gentle circles on his back.

He lets out a shaky sigh, his body relaxing against my touch. I place a kiss on his head. I keep caressing his back gently, assuring him that whatever it is, it's going to be okay.

It aches my heart to see him like this.

Broken.

A few moments pass, and then he lifts his head slightly to look at me in the eye. His eyes are more puffy now. In an almost unheard whisper, he says, "Thank you."

"Shhh, it's okay, now sleep," he again presses his head against my chest, snuggling more into me.

We sleep like that, hugging each other.

---

The next morning when I open my eyes, I find the other side of the bed empty; Ishan is gone.

After getting ready, I ask Mom, "When did Ishan leave?"

"He left quite early. I asked him to stay for breakfast, but he denied, saying he had to reach somewhere," she replies.

"Oh, did he tell you where he is going?"

"No, but he seems quite sad. Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, yeah, everything's fine."

I call Ishan twice, but there's no response.

I call Raj bhaiya, hoping that maybe Ishan had told him something, but that's in vain because Ishan hasn't talked to his brother since yesterday morning.

"What happened, Shubman? Everything is fine, right? Even I called him today, but he didn't answer."

"Yes, bhaiya, everything is fine. He probably kept it on silent. I'll let you know once I reach him. Don't worry."

After hanging up the call, I drive straight to Ishan's house, but no one is there. As I get back in my car, dialing Ishan's number for the fifth time today, he picks up the call.

"Oh, God, Ishan, where are you? Do you have any idea how worried I am? You just left without saying anything," I say in one breath, not letting him speak.

Then, after a brief pause, he says, "I am in the hospital."

"What?"

~~~