"It's past 7 already don't you think we should start getting ready now" shubman asks without looking away from his phone screen.

"Then we'll be reaching on time" ishan rolled on bed whining "do you want to be on time?"

"Nahh" shubman shakes his head.

"Siraj bhai left a text in gc telling not to be late specifically you and me" ishan laughed.

.

.

"I have nothing to wear" ishan murmured to himself walking towards the bathroom.

"We literally went shopping yesterday" shubman deadpanned.

Ishan wore a oversized dior beige silk twill shirt paired with dusty brown colored pants and the pearl necklace shubman got him yesterday.

Shubman kept his attire casual yet hot. He had worn a black velvet shirt, it contrasted against his honey skin, the first three buttons kept undone to show his necklace paired with black jeans.

Ishan had his eyes settled on shubman for god knows how long, "let's go we will be late" he shrugged finally looking away from shubman.

"Like you ever cared about being late" shubman huffed.

They reached lobby in no time where most of the team members were waiting for them.

"I even left a text for you two to not be late" siraj sighs getting up.

"We had this night planned even before our flight landed how can you two be late" kl says sounding disappointed.

"A club night without hardik bhai...wasn't feeling it" ishan said.

"You and your hardik bhai" kl shakes his head.

.

.

"Let's get some drinks first"  ishan says walking towards the bar with shubman and Shreyas following him behind.

"What do you want?" Ishan asked after ordering his drink. "I swear to god if you say tequila-"

"Any cocktail..." shubman replies looking around. "You what don't- i don't feel like drinking...I'll be right back" and with that he walked away.

Ishan noticed how his eyes seems focused on something or rather someone.

.

.

"Woah shubman is going all In" siraj says looking at the dance floor.

"Bet he's trying to get laid tonight" bumrah joins in trying to bet.

"60,000 if he leaves with her" bumrah puts his glass down.

"Alright 60,000 if he leaves on ishan's shoulder after too many drinks" siraj brings his hand in front to shake and bet. "Just so you know i never lose when it comes to them"

..........☆☆☆.........

Ishan scowls at the scene in front of him barely noticing what song is being played he didn't even notice when shreya's left for washroom.

Eyes focused on shubman who have a girl pressed against him with his hands on her hips, While she have her hands draped over his neck.

Ishan's eyes moved to the girl she doesn't look indian rather European, she got her makeup on her hair looks soft neatly styled, the red bodycon dress is making her curves stand out more showing her gorgeous body.

Ishan wants to be a hater but there's nothing to hate on she's effortlessly beautiful.

He took a big sip of his drink while still glaring at the pair in front of him. Shubman leans in to say something in her ear that makes her laugh and press even closer. He gulp down another drink in the vague hope that it'll make easier to watch.

"Planning to get drunk today" ishan turned to see after hearing someone say that.

"I'm only at my third drink bhaiya" ishan replies to virat automatically.

"You already seem high" virat chuckles.

His eyes moved back to shubman he chockes on his drink when he saw the girl placing a kiss on the corners of shubman's lips, he scowls turning abruptly to face the bar with virat.

"Okay you are definitely too drunk ishu" virat sounds concerned. "Want me to call a driver?"

Suddenly air feels too thick his eyes moves back to dance floor. He takes a deep breath he wish he was brave enough to not get effected by any of this. It might be a coward way out but ishan rather spend rest of the night in their hotel room then staying here and risk seeing shubman do anything else with that girl.

"Please do" he replied to virat.

.

.

"Ishan left alone without any drunk shubman on his shoulder looks like you lost today miyaaa" bumrah says smirking.

"Hand me the money" bumrah says as they watch ishan leaving the club alone.

"Well shubman didn't leave with the girl either" siraj huffs.

"Didn't leave with her YET" bumrah teased.

"Yeah a big yet-" siraj didn't complete his sentence when he saw shubman walking towards them.

"Bhaiya do any of you know where ishan is?" Shubman asks.

"yeah he just lef-" bumrah was cut off by siraj.

"Yeah saw him have drinks with a guy at bar then they left i think 5-10 minutes ago" siraj says with a straight face.

"Ohh." Shubman sighs taking his phone out.

"No don't call him he said he wanted no distractions" siraj says grinning.

"Did he?" Shubman questioned putting his phone back into his pocket. "Then I'll go grab some drinks" with that he left.

"Why did you lie? And what guy did he had drinks with?" Bumrah questioned siraj with wide eyes.

"Isn't chiku bhai a guy where did i lie?" Siraj explains.

"I don't even wanna argue with you" bumrah sighs.

.........☆☆☆.......

Ishan had thrown up twice since he reached the hotel. Thankfully he doesn't feel the urge to throw up anymore. He went back to the bed afterwashing his mouth.

He's trying his best not to imagine things scrolling on his phone trying to divert his mind.

The door swing opens when he least expected someone to come. he almost screams until he heard a familiar voice call out his name.

"Ishaaaan babyyy"

How the fuck did shubman get here, and why he's here....it's his room too but did he came back for him?

"Found you" shubman sighs dropping next to him "why did you left without me ishh?"

"Was not feeling well" ishan mutters, trying to get away.

"Virat bhai told me...you left the club alone without even informing me" Shubman questions holding his hand. "Is there something bothering you?"

"Nothing is bothering me i was just not feeling well" ishan tries to manoeuvre his hand.