•SHUBMAN GILL•

As I return to my car, dialing Ishan's number for the fifth time today, he picks up the call.

"Oh, God, Ishan, where are you? Do you have any idea how worried I am? You just left without saying anything," I say in one breath, not letting him speak.

After a brief pause, he says, "I am in the hospital."

"What? What are you doi-... oh my god, wait, are you okay? Did anything happen to you?" The panic in my voice is rising with every word.

"No, I am fine."

"Then why did you---- ...tell me which hospital. I am coming there."

He tells me the name, and I am currently 15 minutes away from that hospital.

The good thing is that Ishan is safe, or at least it seems so from his call.

But I am still very anxious, so I drive as fast as I can.

As I reach the hospital, he is standing there in the lobby, still wearing my clothes.

I practically jog to him. "Are you seriously okay?" I ask, checking his arms for any injuries.

"Calm down, Shubman, I already told you I am fine."

My worries turn into frustration. "Yeah, you told me how fine you were. Oh my god, did I forget to mention how absolutely stunning you looked yesterday? And today, how glad I was to find out that you were gone and no one knows anything about your whereabouts, and on top of all this, His Royal Highness decides to keep his phone on silent so his peasant can't reach him." I finish my little sarcastic monologue, and he starts smiling. THE AUDACITY.

But one thing that doesn't go unnoticed is that he looks much better, not as miserable as last night, which is a good sign.

"You know what, you look cute being all riled up,"he remarks and my mouth hangs open because talking about my cuteness today is the last thing I expected.

"Now tell me, why are we here and what happened to you yesterday?"

"Okay, but let's get outside," he effortlessly takes my hand in his and leads me outside to a little park area. He starts narrating the incident.

"Last evening, when I was driving to your house, I realized a car was hurtling towards me from the opposite direction, with very high speed. My instinct kicked in, and I swerved to the right, desperately trying to avoid the collision. And the person in the other car did the same to avoid the accident.

My car shuddered but remained unharmed and came to a screeching halt by the roadside. I thought we both luckily avoided the collision, but my breath caught in my throat when I heard a loud thud seconds after. As I glanced back at the wreckage behind me, the car had collided with a standing truck.

And the person was badly injured and unconscious. With the help of others, we took him to the hospital in the ambulance. Somehow they were able to contact his parents."

He was narrating the story normally, but      now at this point I can see the glisten in his eyes and the shakiness in his voice.

He continues "I see them crying hysterically for their son, who was laying there unconscious, covered in plaster and band-aids. That was so heart-wrenching to see"

"And... then... then..." it seems like he would choke on his own words.

"Hey, hey, it's okay," I say, giving a rub to his shoulders.

"And then his parents started blaming me for his condition. They said I am responsible for him being in the hospital; he was trying to save me."

"What bullshit! If he was trying to save you, you were doing the same. And also, you weren't on the wrong side, he was."

"I was so shaken. The doctor said they don't know when he will regain consciousness. I didn't know what to do; it was horrifying." Tears are streaming down his cheeks. I want to yell at those people who blamed him for the accident.

I cup his face and wipe his tears with my thumb. "Look at me." His eyes meet mine. "It was not your fault at all." He nods his head a little. Then I hug him; I can feel his body relaxing in my embrace.

"He is awake and doing good now," he says, breaking the long hug. "The hospital called me this morning to tell me he regained consciousness. That's why I left so early."

"You should call Raj Bhaiya; he tried calling you too. He must be concerned."

As he gets busy with the call, I make my way inside the hospital to meet those parents. I am angry that they blamed Ishan, but as I look at them with their son, all my anger disappears. They are smiling, with their son, but their condition clearly shows how hard last night was for them.

I meet them and offer to pay the bills, only to know that Ishan has already taken care of it. I also ask them to apologize to Ishan, which they do. I don't want him to live with the guilt that he was the reason behind someone's pain.

The parents tell me that they were not thinking straight and not in their right mind, so they put all the blame on Ishan, and they really didn't mean it.

"Wanna grab something to eat?" I ask as we both make our way outside the hospital.

"Yeah, sure, but first, I need a shower," he points at himself.

---

Now I am in his kitchen because I was thirsty while he is taking a shower.

I am about to go into the living room, but an idea strikes in my mind.

After around 20 minutes, he comes out. "Let's go—" he stops mid-sentence as he sees the scene in front of him.

He looks at the dining table, then at me, and again at the dining table. He is at a loss for words.

"Welcome," I say with a proud smile.

"But I didn't say thank you," his own face breaks into a genuine smile.

"But you should."

"Thank you," he eyes the food on the table with excitement. "I didn't know that you can cook."

"Yeah, I have a few hidden talents."

"I hope I don't have to say, 'keep this talent of yours hidden' after taking a bite."

"I hope not"

We both settle ourselves. "No, but genuinely, thank you," he says, serving himself. I did this to cheer him up because he is still a little down.

He takes the first bite. "Damn, whoever is going to marry you is surely lucky as hell."

"What do you mean? Are you calling yourself lucky?"

He chuckles. "Sure, sure."

After a moment of silence, I speak. "I am glad that everything is fine now. You were so miserable last night."

"Yeah, but there were compensations."

"What compensations?"

"You."

Okay, now let me choke on my orange juice.

~~~