Shubman was annoyed at the very least, if his puffed cheeks and scowl were anything to go by.

"What's got your panties in a twist?" Yashasvi quipped, sparing him a sideways glance.

"Nothing," Shubman replied calmly.

Yashasvi concluded that it was, in fact, something. But he couldn't be bothered to entertain one of Shubman's man-periods, especially when they had just lost the final. Nevertheless, he followed the boy's gaze to the skipper ofSummit, who was being carried around, princess-style, by someone for some reason.

Yashasvi rested a comforting hand on Shubman's shoulder. "I will avenge you next year."

"Huh?" Shubman turned to him. "Oh. Yeah, of course."

Yashasvi continued to talk about the plans he already had for the next season, which Shubman would have liked to listen to, being the good senior he was, if his mind wasn't preoccupied by a certain giggly boy who seemed to be having way too much fun without him.

It was when their eyes met for the third time across the ground and Ishan swiftly averted his gaze that Shubman decided to stride over to him, leaving Yashasvi's mouth agape.

Yashasvi blinked at the retreating back. "The only person I can stand in this whole darn team is you," he grumbled to the person next to him.

"I know!" Dhruv beamed.

Yashasvi stared at his perpetually smiley friend. "Too bright," he mumbled, grabbing both of their kits before announcing a race to the dressing room.

Shubman stood unimpressed as he walked into Mayank demonstrating his bulking muscles by lifting Ishan for everyone to see.

"Ish, can we talk?" he called out rather loudly.

"Sure," Ishan replied, signaling for Mayank to put him down. Mayank brushed off the tension in the air and chased after Abhishek to lift him up too, much to the other's embarrassment.

"What's up?" Ishan asked once they were a few yards away from everyone.

"You tell me what's up," Shubman's pout returned. "You say you missed me, and then you go around hanging out with others. Shouldn't you give me all your attention after, oh I don't know, THREE YEARS?"

Ishan suppressed a smile, clearing his throat. "But we've been meeting for a while now, Shubman."

"Don't call me that!" Shubman exclaimed, smacking his ass.

"Oi," Ishan hissed. "You've grown so-!"

Shubman smirked, leaning in closer. "Big?" he whispered.

"Perverted!" Ishan huffed. Shubman giggled as he draped an arm around the boy, grinning from ear to ear when the other didn't push him away.

"Ishhh," he drawled.

"Hm?"

"Spend the night with me."

Ishan shot him an amused look. "To do what?"

"Anything," Shubman wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. Ishan stared at him until both of them bursted out laughing.

"I'm serious," Shubman whined. "We haven't cuddled in ages!"

"Grown ass man," Ishan muttered, rolling his eyes.

"What, am I too old for your affection now?" Shubman shot him those irresistible puppy-dog eyes.

Ishan sighed. "Shubi, I'm rooming with Mayank-"

Shubman scowled, crossing his arms. "Oh, you can't stay away from yournew best friendfor one night, is that it?"

"Stop acting like you hate him, Shubi. How much longer will you cling to that grudge over a jersey-"

"It was a limited edition, signed jersey! OfSachin!" Shubman argued. "And why didn't you deny it when I called him your best friend?" he added, gasping dramatically.

Ishan was so done with this boy. He simply walked away after shooting him an eye-roll. Shubman chuckled and followed him, nagging him to let him stay over.

"The puppy is back," Rishabh remarked as he stuffed his face with ice cream (courtesy of Shastri). Tilak nodded, though he couldn't see any puppy in sight.

Ishan narrowed his eyes as he watched Shubman lock the door. "No funny business, Gill," he warned.

Shubman shrugged innocently. "Just making sure monkey- oops. I mean, Mayank doesn't barge in."

Ishan sighed, lacking the energy to argue at midnight. Mayank could crash with someone else; he'd get the memo.

Ishan could feel eyes on him as he pulled his shirt off. He put on a good show of not noticing as Shubman drew closer. Only when Shubman's fingers reached for Ishan's hair did he meet the other's gaze.

"Will you come out of the shower smelling like vanilla again?" Shubman asked.

Ishan nodded slowly, puzzled. "W-Why?"

"It's suffocating," Shubman said, his eyes tracing the shape of Ishan's lips.

"Oh, sorry-"

"I like it."

When Ishan tilted his head in confusion, Shubman added, "I want to be suffocated by your scent. It calms my nerves."

After a pause, Ishan replied, "You know, sometimes you creep me out." He gently pushed Shubman away and made his way towards the bathroom.

Shubman chuckled and settled onto Ishan's bed, his gaze drifting out of the window. He wrapped his arms around one of the pillows, holding it close to his chest. After ten minutes of pretending it was Ishan, and showering it with peppery kisses, Shubman started counting stars in the sky.

Ishan ended up spending more time than usual in the shower. As he stood before the mirror, he stared at his own reflection, the fog slowly dissipating. He rubbed the wetness on his palms against the towel. He made sure to bring his change of clothes with him, not willing to risk any more nudity.

As Ishan stepped out of the bathroom, the room was dark, lit only by the soft moonlight filtering in through the window. "Shubi?" he called out, as he approached the bed.

Shubman hummed softly before pulling Ishan down, enveloping the other's back with his own chest. He nestled his nose into the crook of Ishan's neck, planting a feathery kiss on the boy's shoulder.

"Why are you sitting in the dark?" Ishan asked, rubbing circles on Shubman's knee.

"You smell nice," Shubman replied instead.

Ishan bit back a smile. "Stop sniffing me," he nudged.

The silence that followed was comforting. With Shubman, Ishan could simply be quiet. He could let go and justexist. You can find a lot of people to talk to, but not many to be silent with.

It took Ishan some time to notice the wetness on his shoulder. "Why are you crying, idiot?" he murmured softly.

"I'm not an idiot," Shubman sniffled in response. He wrapped his hands around Ishan's ribs, pulling him closer than he already was. "I'm scared that this is all a dream. What if I wake up tomorrow and you go back to hating me?"

"Should I pinch you real hard?" Ishan teased, eliciting a small whine from Shubman.

"Okay, geez. You're such a sap, Shubi. You know I'd never truly hate you. I was just... upset," Ishan reassured him.

"For three years?" Shubman huffed.

Ishan turned around slightly, the tip of his nose grazing against Shubman's cheek. "Sometimes you have to give up things you love, that is the price ofgrowing."

Shubman remained quiet for a moment before finally mumbling, "Was it that easy to give me up?"

Ishan bit the inside of his cheek, turning away as Shubman spoke with a hint of remorse, "I'm sorry. I haven't forgiven myself for not trying to stop you that day."

"It's not entirely your fault. I can't always depend on others," Ishan sighed. "It was only a matter of time before it happened again. I needed to stop running from myself at some point."

He gently wiped away Shubman's tears before pressing a light kiss on his cheek. He spoke before the other went on blubbering, "Do you really want to spend the night crying?"

Shubman let on a small smile. "Okay, then. Distract me."

"How so?" Ishan let out an amused huff, playing with Shubman's fingers idly.

Shubman gently grasped Ishan's jaw, tilting his head towards himself. "Can I?"

Ishan blinked. "What?"

Shubman's cheeks flushed (he mentally thanked the darkness).Did Ishan forget?

"Can I kiss you?"

"No!" Ishan yelped almost immediately.

Shubman's expression fell as his dog-ears drooped. "No?"

"Um," Ishan squirmed uneasily. "W-We shouldn't do it without any reason, right?"

"Hm, what was your reason back then?"

Ishan felt his ears get warm as Shubman's warm breath brushed against his face. "I don't know," he mumbled. It was to rile the other up. Probably.

"I don't know either." Shubman smiled, inching closer. "So do you want to...."

Ishan's eyes darted around nervously, he was ready to jump up and make a run for another shower when Shubman chuckled.

"Watch Star Wars?" he completed.

Ishan released a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. Then, he playfully slapped Shubman's cheek, only for the other to catch his hand and press a kiss on his knuckles. It wasn't anything odd for them. Shubman had first done it when Ishan had almost burnt his hand while trying to bake a cake for Shubman's birthday.

"Yeah," Ishan replied softly.

Shubman couldn't concentrate, not even drooling at Anakin's entrance, which earned him a pointed look from Ishan.

He was caught up mentally kicking himself for his stupidity. Why did he have to go and askthat?It was different when they wereself-proclaimed enemies. Maybe Ishan was right. There was no reason to do it again.

Still, Shubman couldn't help but wish there was.

"He locked me out!"

"Calm down, Mayank," Abhishek interrupted, rolling his eyes at the boy pacing angrily around his room. "It was probably Shubman."

"Exactly," Mayank huffed. "Who's he to-"

"Ishan's best friend."

"Ouch."

"Get used to it," Abhishek said with indifferent shrug.

"Yo, I wasn't being serious," Mayank let out a weak laugh.

Abhishek rubbed his neck awkwardly before managing a grin. "Let the lovebirds be. C'mon, let's watch-"

"Please don't say Star Wars."

Abhishek scrunched his nose, shaking his head. "Do you take me for a nerd?"

"Thank God," Mayank sighed in relief, flopping down next to the boy. "You would look cute in glasses though," he muttered after a while.

"Shut up," Abhishek retorted, ignoring the warmth in his cheeks.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:typing this as ishan scored 50. i love this boy so much. mera dil garden garden ho gaya, result kuch bhi ho.

side ships in this fic may beromanticor platonic, whatever you like. i love yash & dhruv btw. they’re so grumpy x sunshine coded. there’s going to be some DB-tilak too heh.