Shubman is awake for an hour now affectionately watching over ishan as he sleeps nestled against his side. He leans over ishan as he traces the mole on his Adam's apple then the bite marks.

The alarm goes off making shubman fall over ishan by the sudden shock. He tries to get up hurriedly.

"Are you trying to kill me by suffocatingme in my sleep??" Ishan's eyelids flutter "you know you're heavy right" he pushes shubman off.

"My first plan was to wake you up by kisses after ordering breakfast, but that damn alarm ruined it" shubman huffs.

"It was an attempted murder i almost died stop blaming it on alarm" ishan sighs dramatically.

"It was an accident" shubman defends himself.

"I'm pressing criminal charges" ishan says not caring about shubman's excuse.

"Didn't you say i was your thor yesterday, how can you put your hero in jail?" Shubman protests.

"Well that was yesterday, you in that black shirt walking around looking like thor with that big ass hammer" ishan continues. "But right now you look like..."

"W-what do i look like now?" Shubman whispers.

"Broke Peter parker, tom Holland one" ishan chuckles.

"I guess not too bad when I'm the Indian Spiderman" shubman grins. He leans in trying to steal a kiss. But got held back by ishan's palm on his lips. "Why?" He muffles.

"Uh-uh I'm not letting you anywhere near me until you brush your teeths" ishan declares.

Shubman groans as he walks towards the bathroom stomping like a child.

After 3 minutes he comes out of the bathroom running.

"I brushed my teeths now" shubman says jumping over ishan.

"Good morning baby" he softly whispers, placing a gentle pack over ishan's lips, feeling proud of himself after finally stealing a kiss.

..........☆☆☆........

They made their way to have breakfast with the team ishan wore a tight neck tshirt. And he made shubman wore a button up shirt with only one button undone.

"Woah my children finally learn to be on time" jadeja fake cried dramatically.

"All thanks to me jaddu bhai" ishan smiles taking his seat.

"Yeah all thanks to you, you decided to get ready on time" shubman rolled his eyes.

"Heard you left early last night ishu?" Rohit questions.

"Yeah i got drunk then i wasn't feeling g-good" ishan tries to sound confident.

"And you shubman why did you left early" rohit asks now looking at shubman's direction.

"Well i-" before shubman could strat he was cut off by siraj.

"He ran off to the hotel after knowing ishan had left and he obviously can't breathe without a certain concentration of ishan particles in the air." Siraj scoffs.

Shubman just looked at him with his mouth wide open.

"The clothes are too closed up for a hot day" Jaiswal comments.

"Are ye dono mil kar raat ko wo karete hai" rohit says busy cutting into his waffles.

Ishan spits out the juice that he had just taken a sip of "k-kya karte hai?"

"Wo karte ho na kapde nikal kar" rohit continues.

"Bhaiya what are you saying" shubman asks deadpanned.

"Are yaar raat me hi kapde nikal kar decided kar lete ho na kal kya pehen na hai" rohit explains.

Ishan started coughing after having to spit his juice out.

"Did you catch a cold ishu?" Shreyas asks sounding concerned.

"Are in dono ka wo chal raha hai" Rohit joins in.

"What?? Chakkar?? Romance?? Fling?? Situationship?? Love affair??" Virat stops to think about more words.

"Are nhi chiku AC, inka AC chal raha h raat bhar cold to hoga hi na" rohit says as if everyone is too dumb to understand what he meant.

"Bhaiya puri baat bola karo yaar" shubman cries.

...........☆☆☆.........

It was around 4 PM when they returned from their practice.

Ishan combs his wet hair after taking a shower, shubman come to hold him from behind kissing the side of his neck and speaks, "let's have dinner out tonight"

"Yeah where?" Ishan asks.

"Somewhere nice" shubman says burying his nose into his neck. "God you always smells so good"

Surprisingly ishan got ready first while shubman still taking a shower.

He got on his phone to check up on mayank. Clearly not to rant about him and shubman just to check up on his good friend.

..........................

Ishan

Pspspsss

Mayank

Stop with that pspspss

I'm not a cat.

Ishan

That's my way to get fast replies from you

Mayank

What's so important??

Ishan

Nothing just checking up on you.

Mayank

Spill the beans bitch

I know you there's more.

Ishan

He knows!😩

Mayank

What? How?

Did you tell him?

Ishan

Sort of

Saw him with a girl

Couldn't take it so i left

He came after me asking what happened

And then he figure it out

He said the girl wasn't even his type

we make out

Then he kissed me in the morning too

Mayank

Ohh geez so much happened

Did he said he got feeling for you too??

Ishan

Ohh...he haven't said anything yet.

But then why'd he kiss me?

Mayank

But did he confess tho??

Ishan

We're going out for dinner tonight

Maybe he wil?

Mayank

Dinner?? He said dinner??

Not a date??

Ishan

Okay Geez stop with your overanalyzing

Gotta go now

Have fun over there without me 😔

Mayank

How can i have fun without you.

Waiting for you to come back 😔

.......................

Shubman comes to a halt in front of ishan before slipping his sunglasses down the bridge of his nose and giving him a cocky smile. He twirls around to show ishan his outfit from every side. "How do i look?"

"You look great" ishan blinks a few time, "but you should've told me if we were going to a fashion week"

"No we're going on a dinn- wait do i look that good?" Shubman wonders, eyes starting to glint.

Ishan sighs walking over to shubman pulling him out of their room "let's go now you took hours to get ready today"

.

.

Ishan reads shubman directions as he drives to their destination.

"No no right!! we have to go right!!" ishan hisses "you missed it again that's the third time we're talking a U-turn"

"Yeah for the third time you read it late" shubman stares.

They bicker back and forth blaming each other, trying to make it on time after going over the same road for the second time. They arrived at their destination half an hour late.

"Let me check if they still got some table available it's too late for the reservation" shubman gets out of car.

He comes back after 5 minutes opening the door of passenger seat "got the table for two"

"For real?" Ishan grasps before jumping out of his seat, got pulled back. He forgot to unbuckle his seatbelt.

"Geez..ishh" shubman laughs, shaking his head before reaching out and clicking open ishan's seatbelt.

.

.

They walked out of the restaurant ishan was walking towards their car when shubman's hand came to hold his.

"What" ishan asks stopping.

"Let's walk around a bit" shubman says intertwining their fingers.

"Ohh we can go around to find a tea shop" ishan says getting excited.

Shubman took his phone out to search directions for tea shops, not trusting ishan with map reading this time.

They ended up walking for 30 minutes still not a single tea shop in their sight.

"Atleast we found the restaurant when i was incharge if direction" ishan huffs "let's ask some local guy"

"Excuse me" ishan stops a guy who was walking right past them.

"Yes?" The guy replied in his African accent.

"Do you know any tea shops or cafe around here?" Ishan questions.

"Yeah there's one it's just 5 minutes walk" he replies.

"Can you tell us the way to it?" Ishan asks.

"Yeah sure come here" the guys says putting his hand over ishan's shoulder as he points at things and tells him the way to tea shop.

Shubman suddenly pulled ishan off from that guy's hold "no need we can just use Google let's go ishh"

Ishan's mouth goes wide "pagal wagal hai kya 30 minutes se idhar udhar ghum rahe hai" he pushed shubman off.

"Sorry he's just overconfident in his skills...so after taking left?" Ishan tries to get the correct address.

"Then just walk 100m you'll see the shop" the stranger says looking at shubman with Judy eyes.

"You got a weird taste in me" he says looking at ishan then walked on his way.

"Huh?" Ishan was left dumbfounded.

"Look a park let's go there first" shubman once again held ishan's hand.

"Stand there I'm gonna take those genZ looking pictures of yours" ishan says getting up on the concrete bench.

"Stay still" ishan gets down after taking a picture. Now squatting on the ground to take a low angle picture.

"Okay done" he giggles as he shows shubman the pictures he just took. "Your pov of me vs my pov of you"

"I can take better" shubman giggles too "pose as i say" he walked back a bit taking his phone out.

"Woah they look good" ishan says amazed by the pictures.

"They sure do" shubman looks around to see if there's people around fortunately for him it was late at night so nobody was there.

"Let's take one together" he says resting his chin over ishan's shoulder pulling him in by the waist.

Ishan held the phone up horizontally to fit them both in ready to click. Shubman took one last look on his surroundings before turning ishan's face towards his and going in for a kiss.

The kiss was short more like a pack.

.........end for today..........