•SHUBMAN GILL•

We are currently playing the first T20 match of the tri-series against Afghanistan at the scenic grounds of Dharamshala. Afghan team has set a target of 159 runs for us to chase.

As the Indian innings begins, Rohit bhaiya and I stride to the crease to open for India. The crowd roars with excitement as Rohit bhaiya stands on the striker's end.

The first ball is bowled, and Rohit bhaiya faces it with concentration. It's a dot ball, met with a sigh of disappointment from the fans. But the next ball sees action. Rohit bhaiya strikes it, hoping for a quick run. However, I remain rooted in my place, my eyes fixed on the ball. I signal Rohit bhaiya to stay put, but it's too late. Rohit bhaiya, already in motion, and now  we both are on the non-striker's end. He shouts at me to run, but it's all too late; the Afghan fielders have already done their job.

Rohit bhaiya gets out on a duck, his innings cut short before it even begins, and it's my fault.

The Afghan team erupts in celebration at their first wicket of the match.

Frustration and anger flicker across Rohit bhaiya's face as he leaves the field, but not before shooting accusing / murderous glances in my direction. And I just stand there looking at him with a guilty expression. Of course, it was my fault; I could have run and made it to the striker's end.

I tried to move on from that and focus on making as many runs as I can, but luck is definitely not on my side today. First, I caused the captain to lose his wicket, and now, in an attempt to play a risky shot which I could have avoided, I also got out, making just 23 runs in 12 balls.

With a defeated look, I settle myself in the very last chair of the dugout. I know I will hear an earful from the captain and coaches after the game.

I am sulking and brooding over my performance and the run-out when I hear someone calling my name. It's Axar bhaiya, emerging from the dressing room. "Tere phone pr Ishan ka call aa rha hain," he says, handing me my phone with Ishan's name flashing on it.

I swipe the green icon and say, "Hello."

"Shubman, it wasn't your fault."

"Huh? What?"

"I mean the run-out, it wasn't your fault."

"Oh, uh... but if only I had run, then Rohit bhaiya wouldn't have lost his wicket... and wait.... are you watching the match?"

"Of course, I am... and don't sulk over that. Whatever happened was just miscommunication between you and Rohit bhaiya." He says in a comforting manner.

"Yeah, but even after that, I myself didn't do any great and got out."

"No, you played a good little inning there. Aur vaise bhi, we don't have to chase 200."

"But what if we lose and the blame comes on me?"

He softened his tone even more,"Meri jaan..."Meri jaan, the first time he called me that, it caught me off guard, but later I realized he uses it for anyone, like literally for anyone (and that kind of irked me, but I am not going to acknowledge it.)

"........Firstly, we are not going to lose, and secondly, win or lose cannot be decided by a single player's performance. It's a team game, and you know that better than anyone."

"Yeah, but still..."

"I knew you were sulking over it; that's why I called. Stop overthinking, Gill. It's cricket; we have to move on from one ball to another." The fact that he knew I was in a bad mood, and the fact that he called me to comfort me, made me feel warm from inside.

"Did you check social media?" He ask randomly.

"No."

"Wait, I'm gonna send you something."

Ishan:

Ishan:

Ishan:

Me:Damn 😂😂

Ishan:And see this one

Me:Agree😂

I am sitting in the dugout, smiling and laughing at the memes that Ishan is sending me, even after making the captain sacrifice his wicket. And scoring very less runs myself, but who cares?

Who cares when your boyfriend-oops!-fake boyfriend is sending you memes to cheer you up?

I'm sure I'm going to get trolled for laughing (maybe even breathing right now).

Ishan's phone call and his message have put me into a much better mood.

I opened social media only to be overwhelmed by the sheer amount of trolling I'm receiving, which makes me realize that Ishan made an effort to search for those non-degrading and funny memes to send me. And I feel grateful to him.

Me:Ishan

Ishan:Haan?

Me:I am going to tell rohit bhaiya that youwere saying ki run out was his fault.

Ishan:GADDARI KORBE 😾

Me:😂😂

---

I got benched for the second and third match, which I saw coming, not gonna lie, but at least they didn't say I have back spasms, ankle injuries, or groin pain.

After the third T20 match wrapped up, which was damn interesting with two super overs in it, I called Ishan. He told me he missed the match, so I started explaining every interesting detail to him while he watched the match highlights.

"And you know when 2 runs were needed from 1 ball in the first super over, Rohit bhaiya retired out and sent Rinku, you know why?"

"So he can run fast?"

"Exactly," and we both laughed.

I continued telling him more about the super overs and the match overall, and he kept listening keenly.

"Someone was saying 'kya din aa gye hain aab afganistan ke saath do-do super over krne padd rhe hain', who is going to tell them that the Afghanistan team is becoming better and better."

After I finished narrating the whole two super over scenario, I started telling him about the celebration, how Virat bhaiya danced to the "Moye Moye" song, and that slide he did to reach where the other players were standing for a group photo.

He also kept giving his input in between to assure me that he is very much interested in whatever I am telling him.

After some time, the conversation slipped from cricket to other random topics, and we literally talked till 2 freaking AM.

---

"What's going on between you two?"

"I myself don't know."

"What do you mean?"

"He never says anything directly."

"Well, I don't know about the direct part, but he definitely starts acting nicer around you."

"Hawwww, are you jealous, Mr. Gill?"

"My ass."

"Yes, your ass is jealous."

"Shut up, Nia."

She just rolls her eyes.

"You deserve better."

"I know, right?" With a little pause, she continues, "but someone has to tolerate him and be the unlucky one."

"I see you are quite eager to be the 'unlucky' one," I say in a mocking tone.

She just flashes a toothy smile at me and hurries away as someone calls her.

I look at Darshan, who is busy with one of the staff discussing something, and then I look at Nia. They have worlds-apart personalities, but they'd look good together.

We are currently at a palace in Jaipur for a photoshoot, the photoshoot of an apparel brand featuring me and Ishan. I scan the whole place and find him standing with his manager discussing something serious.

Traitor! He just left me alone here to stand; I deserve better than this. #Justiceforme

He looks in my direction, and I wave at him. I have no shame. The shoot is going to start a bit late, and I'm just getting bored watching everyone running here and there doing their jobs.

He walks to me but not before getting stopped by three people who ask for his autograph and selfie. After a decade, when he finally comes to stand beside me, he ask, "What's up?"

"Everything is down, I am getting bored."

A person passing by hears this and says to us, "Well, you two can have a look around the place until the shoot starts."

"Yes, we should do that," Ishan says enthusiastically.

"Okay, let's go."

~~~

I desperately want to see them in manyawar advertisement. Or in any advertisement at this point.

____

Do you all remember the run out kalesh between Ro and shubi in the first t20 against AFG?

And two super overs in the 3rd match?

I remember someone on Twitter said : Now Gill will get his post match belt routine 😭

____

Dou you watched the RCB vs RR match today? Virat made century, but the team choked in the second inning. They weren't even trying! Bhai Ghar chale jao tum.

And also Maxwell, this ----"RCB ke liye khelna? Woh kya hota hai ? Aus ke liye 1 pair pr khade hoke runs banane hain toh batao" 🥰

Virat deserve a lot better than this franchise!

___

I will try to update more regularly (keyword : try)

Memes SS are from X (Twitter)

___

*Ishman are so cute*

Meanwhile the fandom:

___

Also it's chapter 18 (why - 🐀Kohli for a reason)

I should stop now !! bye