"There's no milk tea! is this what we walked 30 minute for?" Shubman is pissed after reading the menu.

"I told you that weird guy was no use" shubman scoffs throwing the menu onto the table.

"He said the same thing about you" ishan mumbles to himself.

"Nothing's good let's get out of here" shubman gets up to leave.

"You see that ice cream truck" shubman points at a ice cream truck parked 200m away "let's race to that"

Ishan looks at the truck then at shubman, he runs before they could count to three and start the race. Shubman sprint after him in a split eventually overtaking him.

Shubman reached the truck first beating ishan by a second.

"A cheater and a loser" shubman says panting.

"You don't have quick reflexe" ishan continues inhaling the oxygen in "and i didn't lose you got big legs it's a impartial race to begin with!"

"Everything is fair in love and race" the corner of shubman's lips turns into a lazy smirk.

"This is betrayal" ishan groans.

"Stop being so cute!" Shubman murmurs his hand going up to curl around ishan's nape before bringing him closer to kiss his cheek.

"What flavor you want ishh?" He asks pulling back.

Ishan does not reply he just looks shubman dead in eyes giving him the look of 'are you seriously asking that right now?'

"Chocolate it is" shubman chokes out.

Ishan puts his phone back into his pocket taking the icecream cup from shubman's hand "we should head back now, siraj bhaiya texted they're having a sleep over in rahul bhaiya's room"

They started walking back to their car while ishan eats his ice cream with the little spoon and shubman walks with one hand around ishan's shoulder other holding a hazel nut icecream cone.

..........☆☆☆........

Ishan changed into his orange shorts and white tshirt while shubman is still busy ruffling through his bag.

"Just wear anything we're not going to a party for fuck sake" ishan throws his slipper at shubman.

"Still needs to look decent" he tries to dodge it but still got hit by it on his chest.

"Decent for a sleepover?? You're not even being reasonable right now!" Ishan got up wearing his slipper back.

"Here!" He takes out a black short from shubman's bag and and a black matching tshirt from his own bag "you better change into them in two minutes"

.

.

Ishan walks ahead first trying to reach rahul bhaiya's room as soon as he can.

They stand inside the elevator facing the mirror, ishan fixes his hair running his fingers through them. On the other hand shubman can't help but stare- stare on how nicely the shorts sit on ishan's lower back.

"You're staring" ishan breathes, a teasing tone in his voice, looking at back at shubman through the mirror.

"I know."

"Why? Is there something?"

"Yeah let me get that for you" shubman leans forward placing his hand over ishan's ass feeling the curve up and down twice. "There all good."

"Such a gentleman, what would i do without you?" Ishan sighs dramatically.

"I should be the one saying that" shubman says scrunching his nose.

"You know what? i agree." Ishan nods his head.

"Hey" shubman glasses.

"What? I'm right without me you would probably be laying somewhere in the dark corners of your room. Dead by lack of fashion sense" the elevator door opened and ishan makes a run for his life after saying that.

"Come here you lil shit" shubman runs after him.

.

.

The door to kl's room burst open, comes in ishan running.

"Virat bhaiya save me!" He jumps on virat.

"Geez you're strangling me" virat says recovering from the shock of someone jumping on him.

Before ishan can get off virat, a very breathless shubman enters the room. "How did you manage to run so fast!"

"Him! Save me from him!" Ishan holds virat tightly.

"What happened?" Virat asks.

"He said i have a terrible fashion sense if it weren't for him" shubman shouts.

"That's not what i said!" Ishan shouts back "i just said you lack fashion sense and i help you where you lack" he pouts.

"He didn't lie though" virat mumbles.

"Not you too bhaiya, I'm hurt" shubman cries dramatically.

"Okay okay enough with the drama go take your seats now" rohit says.

"I'll sit with virat bhaiya" ishan says following virat to the sofa.

"No I'll sit with virat bhaiya, he took your side earlier it's my turn now" shubman push ishan to the side taking the seat beside virat.

Before ishan could sit on the other side Jaiswal came and sat there with a smile "i was sitting there"

"When did you become so popular among the youngsters?" Rohit asks.

"I always was" virat winks.

"Come here ishu" Shreyas calls ishan to lay with him on the bed.

Ishan jumps next to him while he pulls him in for cuddles.

"Tired?" Shreyas asks.

"Very much" ishan sighs

"Let's call Rishabh" Shreyas take out his phone to video chat rishabh.

"Ohh i miss rishu bhaiya" ishan says getting excited.

"Look Who's calling after a whole week that too while lying in other man's arm" rishabh says the first thing after answering the call in 3rd ring.

"I thought you hated me bothering you everyday...my my don't tell me you've already fallen for me? I appreciate it though but i don't think I'm ready for another extra marital affair" ishan teases.

"Not ready? How much more do i have to wait?" Rishabh tease back "and here i was thinking a second marriage would be a nice idea"

"Marriage? Do i get a ring?" Ishan asks subtly glancing at shubman, smirking after seeing the latter is starting right back at him.

"My fingers are empty though" he says wiggling his fingers in front of the camera.

"What do you want name it. Gold? Platinum? Diamond?" Rishabh questions with his playful voice.

"Your cheap ass would buy him a fake diamond" sheryas comments laughing.

"Like I'd ever let him wear anything fake" shubman says plopping next to ishan, he can taste the bitterness of his words as he pulls ishan out of Shreyas hold wrapping his hands around him.

"Well ishu doesn't need a diamond he's a diamond himself" rishabh shrugs winking at ishan.

"Just say you don't wanna buy me one" ishan continues to tease, gulping while keeping a smile on hie face as shubman draws little circles with his thumb over his hips.

"I'm telling you there's no better match for you other than me" shubman whispers next to ishan's ear pressing the thumb harder into his hips.

"You were trying to kill me just minutes ago" ishan's eyes scrunched.

"It is just me or these two looks like seconds away from fucking? Right in front of us" rohit says pointing at shubman and ishan.

"This feels like a plot of badly written porn" siraj whines "and we're the live audience"

"Think about me I'm laying right next to them!" Shreyas cries.

"Can you two not? I just want to have have my drink without feeling like i want to throw up" tilak says rolling his eyes.

"We're just joking and teasing" shubman says sounding innocent.

"Yeah nice joke now get off each other" bumrah scoffs.

"I'm married for years and yet they make me feel single" virat shakes his head "you seems like you're enjoying the show yash" he comments when his eyes land on Jaiswal.

..........end for today..........

.

.

.

.

.

Author's note:

Originally this chapter had angst in it i published it and only half of it got published idk where the other half went wattpad dalle ne delete kar diya 😭😭

Had to write it again but i didn't had the energy to write all that angst again so i wrote some fluff instead.

Anyway look at my pretty baby darling...Seeing him smile after so long

Pretty baby darling with his tiny fist and thumbs up 😭😭