Shubman woke up to find Ishan curled up against his chest. He cautiously shifted away a bit, worried that his racing heart might wake Ishan from his sleep.

Unfortunately, he also noticed Mayank looming over him, glaring intently. Shubman almost shrieked.

“How did you get in?!” he shouted in a hushed voice.

“You think it’s my first time getting locked out of my own room?” Mayank retorted, rolling his eyes.

“Then why didn't you come last night?” Shubman asked, slowly getting out of bed, causing Ishan to stir in his sleep a little. He mentally cooed at the sight of Ishan wrapping his hands around the pillow habitually.

Darned pillow, getting to cuddle his best friend for three years. Tch.

“Thought I should give yourotherbest friend some company,” Mayank snorted. Was it purely for self-interest reasons? Yes. Did anyone need to know about it? No.

"Crap," Shubman muttered, realizing he might have ditched the boy last night. His face lit up with a mischievous grin as he asked, “Is he still sleeping?”

“Yeah. Why?”

“Abhi, I’m coming, baby!” Shubman sang dramatically before dashing out of the room, armed with the perfect idea to wake him up.

Mayank shrugged it off, then turned to a sleeping Ishan. The boy jolted awake when Mayank almost kicked him out of the bed.

"WHAT HAPPENED?" Ishan demanded, his eyes darting around nervously, as if scouring for any signs of a potential raid.

Mayank only smirked. “Race you to the mess,” he declared before taking off.

“Wait, what?” It took Ishan a moment to reboot his brain for the day before he exclaimed, “You fucker–!”

After freshening up and throwing on a shirt (did he sleep shirtless?), Ishan stomped down the hallway with an annoyed glare before he bumped into Aditi, who could easily be mistaken for an angel this early in the morning.

"Aren't you supposed to have today off?" Ishan asked, a smile quickly spreading across his lips.

Aditi was about to mention that she had some work with Rohit, but then she paused, her dimples popping off cheekily. “That's exactly why I’m here. Let’s go.”

Ishan rubbed his neck sheepishly. “Um, where to?”

“On a date.”

Ishan blinked, feeling a blush slowly creeping into his cheeks. “N-now? Just like that?”

“You got any problem?” Aditi asked, crossing her arms.

Ishan glanced down at himself, mentally cringing at his outfit. He sighed and smiled up at her. “No, ma’am.”

“Where’s Ishu baby?” Hardik asked, munching on a carrot.

“Not a baby anymore, Harry,” Rishabh said with a snicker. “He’s on a date.”

Surya whistled. “Finally.”

Shubman frowned, looking up from his plate. “What do you mean finally?”

"You see, Ishan has had this not-so-subtle crush on Aditi for almost a year now," Rishabh explained. "But he is a total wuss, so I guess she stepped up the game herself.”

"Oh." Shubman wasn't sure how to feel about his best friend not sharing his love life with him. To be fair, they hadn't been on talking terms for three years, but Ishan could have mentioned it when they started talking again a few weeks back!

“Aw, a girl snatched away your best fwend. Is wittle Shubi going to cry?” Mayank drawled in a mocking voice.

Glaring, Shubman threw a grape at him, which Mayank deftly caught in his mouth. “Whoisthis Aditi anyway?” he asked.

“Angel.”

“Sunshine.”

“Flower.”

“Our team manager,” Surya supplied after thehelpfulreplies from the others.

Shubman scrunched his face. “And she is intoIshan? Talk about compromise.”

“Liar,” Mayank muttered under his breath.

“Should we spy on them?” Yuzi asked, a mischievous glint in his eyes.

“That's so wrong,” Rishabh gasped. “We should absolutely do that.”

Jaddu snickered as they high-fived each other, causing Abhishek to groan. “Really guys? What are we, middle schoolers?”

Mayank considered for a second before siding with Yuzi. “I’m in for some blackmail material.”

Abhishek shook his head, turning to Hardik. “Vice-Cap, knock some sense into them, please.”

Hardik looked into the distance dramatically, declaring, “I must go and protect Ishu baby.”

Abhishek face-palmed before sighing. “Shub-”

"Guys, hurry up!" Shubman exclaimed happily, causing Abhishek to gape. He hadn't realized Shubman was already on his feet, ready to go.

“You’re getting nothing out of being mature here, hero.” Surya smiled, offering Abhishek a hand.

Abhishek couldn't help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. “Yeah, I guess I could live a little.”

“No way,hehas a girlfriend too?” Rishabh gasped as they strolled around the campus park, judging couples.

They couldn't spot Ishan and Aditi, but they did manage to gather the latest gossip about who was dating whom and who was cheating on whom.

Shubman grew impatient, starting to wonder if they were at the wrong place. But where would they go so early anyway? He wanted to see Ishan’s reactions– how he blushed, smiled, and acted shy around someone he liked. Ishan never dated anyone in school, dedicating his soul and body to cricket. So what faces would he make while being kissed?

Oh, wait.

Shubman already knew that.

God, Shubman had kissed his best friend. His lips had touched Ishan's, and had trailed down the boy’s neck. It felt like a fever dream now.

He was busy blushing all by himself like an idiot when he heard Rishabh gasp. “Isn't that Tillu?” he spoke, pointing over to the boy who was few yards away.

“He hasotherfriends?” Mayank gaped, referring to a boy sitting next to Tilak. He had never seen Tilak talk so animatedly, causing his friend to listen to him fondly.

“Are they- Wait, are they holdinghands?” Surya pointed out.

Tilak waved them over as soon as he noticed them. “What’s up, guys?”

“Tillu, you made a friend!” Hardik slapped his back proudly.

Tilak chuckled, nodding brightly. “Isn’t he a total cutie?”

The boy blushed visibly. Cons of being white, probably.

“Aren’t you the exchange student who joined last year?” Surya asked, to which he nodded. “Man, you were the talk of the campus last year. New basketball prodigy ofSummit, I heard.”

“Great! Rohan can eat shit,” Hardik snorted. “What’s your name, White Boy?”

“This is DB,” Tilak beamed. “My boyfriend.”

Everyone stilled in stunned silence. For some reason, Shubman felt like he had to say something as a sense of unease settled on his chest. It was absurd because it's not like the situation was about him. His secret was still his, and Ishan’s. No one could know he was gay. Not if they were going to react like this. Shubman really wanted to say something before this Tilak guy, who wasn't evenhisteammate, watched his friends stare at him like strangers.

“Damn, Tillu got game!”

Rishabh was the first one to break the tension, followed by others with hoots and whistles. Hardik once again proudly slapped Tilak on the back. “You better treat him right, White Boy!”

DB chuckled, slinging an arm around Tilak. “Of course, mate.”

Only then did Shubman realize that Tilak hadn't stopped smiling, not even when everyone else paled like ghosts. How much trust did he have in his team? The knot of unease did not leave Shubman. How could Tilak be so open about it? How was he so brave? How had the world not broken this boy’s heart yet?

“Isn't it funny, though?” Abhishek spoke. “To think that Tilak found someone in the basketball team. I thought those guys were assholes.”

“Theyare. Just not him,” Tilak replied, looking at his boyfriend fondly. “Well, why else do you think they hated me?” he said with a scoff.

“You didn't try to keep it a secret, huh?”

“He’s way too beautiful to be a secret. Aren't you, DB?” he nudged his boyfriend, who grinned adorably.

Shubman felt a little sick. God, what kind of terrible human was he to not be able to see two guys happy together? Heenviedthem. He walked away from the group quietly to get some air, leaving them to tease the hell out of the two lovers.

"Since we won, now what?" Aditi asked, slightly trailing her fingers along the flower bed.

“I don’t know,” Ishan hummed. “We graduate in three months. What's really left to do now?”

Aditi turned to face him. “Aren’t you trying out for domestic?”

Ishan shot her a weak smile, rubbing his neck. “I couldn't play the final, Adi. I don't think the scouts would consider me.”

“One match doesn't define you,” Aditi protested. “You’ve performed incredibly all season. Believe in yourself, Ish.”

“I find that a little hard to do,” Ishan said with a wry chuckle.

“Then let me.”

“What?”

“Let me believe in you, Ishan. You won't let me down, right?”

Ishan stared at her for a second, wondering what he had done to deserve having her by his side. “Never,” he said with a genuine smile.

Aditi’s dimples peeked out again, prompting Ishan to reach out with his hand before he realized, stopping midway. He decided instead to tuck away a few strands of her hair, causing her to blush.

“Kindness looks beautiful on you,” he whispered.

“You make me kind, Ish,” she whispered back.

Ishan waited for his heart to thump loudly against his ribs as he dropped his gaze to her lips. He waited, almost expecting it to hurt his chest like when he had kissed Shubman. He waited long enough for Aditi to pull away with a strained smile.

"I… had some work with Rohit actually. I’ll see you later,” she said as she got up.

Ishan cursed under his breath before calling out, “Aditi!”

“Hm?”

“I like you.”

Aditi’s eyes widened slightly before she smiled. “I know.”

“Will you be my–”

Aditi chuckled as she gently pulled Ishan’s cheek, making him blush immediately. “First take me out on a proper date, Ish.”

“Right, of course.” Ishan couldn't contain the wide grin that spread across his face. "Would you like to go on a date with me tonight?”

“Thought you’d never ask.”

Shubman shouldn't have stepped away to get some air because if anything, he feltsuffocatedwatching Ishan’s confession.

He should be happy for his best friend, happy that Ishan finally got the girl he liked. But he wasn't. God, he really was a terrible human.

Shaking his thoughts off, he walked back to the group. Rishabh jumped on him like a madman. “Shastri was flirting with the Prof from Physiology! Can you believe it?”

Shubman tried to process the news, but there had been a lot of information in the span of an hour. He was about to call it a day and head back to the dorms to sleep off the rest of the day when Mayank asked him, “Did you find Ishan?”

“I wish I found him sooner.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:some of yall were asking for ishan x aditi crumbs so here you go. they are very pookie coded here. you’ll see why it’s impossible to dislike characters in my fics hehe.

i wasn’t about to set tilak and DB together already but their relationship was the trigger for shubman. we’re about to enter the realization and jealousy era now, cheers.

btw, shubman doesn’t have any feelings yet (according to him) so koi ishan ko gaali nahi dega hmph. told you, this is a slow burn. tho maybe i should pick up the pace because inIOIIY, chp 15 was the beginning of the end already.