"Ish, let’s go for a movie,” Shubman said, though he knew the other’s reply.

Pausing from styling his hair, Ishan frowned at the unruly strands that kept falling on his forehead. "Sorry, meri jaan. I've got plans in an hour,” he said inattentively.

"Yeah, plans withme." Shubman grinned.

“No.” Ishan let out an amused huff, finally turning to him. "How about we go tomorrow?"

Shubman shot him an unimpressed look, his hand reaching out to gently brush Ishan’s hair aside. Ishan let out a small groan as more loose strands fell across his forehead.

“Are you meeting Aditi?”

“Yeah,” Ishan replied, a smile tugging at his lips.

“Is it a date?”

Warmth crept up Ishan’s ears as he felt a flutter of giddiness at the word date. “Yes, I’m so–”

“Don’t go.”

Ishan looked up at Shubman with a small frown. “What?”

Shubman inched closer, his hand gliding down Ishan's face before cradling his jaw. “I don't want you to go on a date with her.”

“Well,Iwant to.” Ishan tilted his head in confusion. “I’ll go to the movies with you tomorrow, alright?”

“What will you do on the date anyway?” Shubman asked in response.

Ishan averted his gaze from Shubman's face, which seemed to be drawing nearer with each passing minute. “You know… Um, just talk and…”

Shubman whispered, his breath warm against Ishan's skin, "Hold her hand?" He trailed his fingers down Ishan’s arm, brushing teasingly against his fingers before intertwining them.

“Y-Yeah.” Ishan glanced down at their locked fingers, wanting to break away but couldn't for some reason.

Shubman's gaze drifted down to Ishan's lips. "Kiss her?" he asked in a whisper, causing Ishan's breath to hitch slightly.

“I don't know,” he muttered weakly. Shubman’s eyes traced back to his eyes, intense and unwavering.

“I think you should practice a little, hm?”

“What are you talking about?” Ishan mumbled, licking his lips subconsciously.

Shubman smirked. “I know you’re not that docile, darling.”

Before Ishan could reply, Shubman's lips brushed against his own, lingering there, as if waiting for permission. He cussed mentally as he pressed forward, making Shubman smile against his lips.

Ishan moaned a little when Shubman bit on his lip while entering, followed by sucking on his tongue to compensate. Ishan’s smaller frame pressed against the other’s hard chest, their bodies flushing together. Shubman wrapped a hand around Ishan’s waist to pull him even closer.

"Can't let you go out when you taste likethis," Shubman whispered between rough little pants as they pulled apart for air.

“I… I need to go, Shub– ah.”

Ishan tilted his head back, inviting Shubman’s lips to his bare neck, where the boy left a trail of hot kisses. He tensed a little when Shubman’s hand reached for his ass. He waited for a grope but the hand slipped into his back pocket instead, retrieving his phone.

“Call her,” Shubman murmured as he held out the phone.

“What?” Ishan breathed heavily as Shubman returned to kissing his neck.

“It’s not nice to make a lady wait. Tell her you’ll be late,” he said with a knowing smirk.

“O-Okay,” Ishan replied shakily.

Aditi picked up on the third ring.“Hey, what's up?”

“Um, Adi. I’m so sorry I-”

Just then Shubman decided to lick a stripe across Ishan’s sweet spot, nearly causing Ishan to moan aloud.Fuck.

“Is something wrong, Ish?”

“Adi, I’ll be a little l-late. Is that f-fine?” he managed to say despite Shubman brutally sucking on his sweet spot.

“Of course, Ish. Text me when you’re ready.”

“Yeah. Thank you, Adi.”

“Take care,”she replied sweetly before the call ended.

Ishan was going to hell. Or maybe he was in hell. And the devil was tormenting him with sweet, dirty kisses.

“You’re such abad boy, Ish,” Shubman whispered.

“Shubi, this is wrong,” Ishan mumbled, biting his lip as the other continued marking his neck with little bruises.

“It’s not wrong if it feels right, meri jaan.”

Fuck Shubman and his manipulative voice. Ishan couldn't help but drape his hands around the other’s broad shoulders. “S-Stop…”

“Do you really want me to?” Shubman hummed.

No, Ishan’s growing boner screamed at him. He let out a sigh before glaring up at his friend, he then pulled him by his collar, bringing their mouths colliding again.

“You’ll take fucking responsibility for this, Gill.”

Shubman liked the ordering tone, not that he was going to admit it out loud. He just muttered a little “yessir” before pinning Ishan to the wall.

Ishan wasn't hesitant once the sensible part of his brain turned into mush. He ran his hands through Shubman's hair roughly, pulling him close, as their tongues swirled together. Shubman’s tongue slipped between his lips, tearing a blissful moan from him. Quickly, though, Shubman pulled back, breathing seemingly endless phrases out into Ishan’s ears, all the while kissing his jaw, his cheeks, his neck, until Ishan was helplessly leaning his head back against the wall.

"I've always been your first priority, Ish," Shubman whispered in his ear. "I don't like change."

"Y-Yes," Ishan almost whimpered.

Shubman bit Ishan’s neck harder than before, just above his collarbones. "Don’t youeverforget that," he snapped.

Ishan let out a sharp breath as he nodded, not knowing how else to react to his best friend’s possessiveness. “You know I’d never replace you, Shubi,” he mumbled.

“Replace?” Shubman sounded amused. “Jaan, you don't want to know the things I’d do to you if you eventhinkof replacing me.”

You'd think yourjust best friendspewing lines like that would maybe need a therapist on speed dial. But Ishan is a fucking idiot, so he doesn't. Fellas, don't let your love for your best friend distract you from their psychopathic tendencies.

“Sorry,” Ishan let out a sharp breath. “Fuck, Shubman, you got me hard.”

Shubman finally pulled back to admire the work of art beneath him. Beautiful. Ishan’s eyes were hooded, heavy with want. His lips were slightly swollen from all the kissing, and there was that hickey–Shubman’s hickey– peeking out from under his shirt.

He lowered his gaze to Ishan’s crotch, a sense of pride welling up within him. Despite how it felt like, he wasn't intoxicated, so he didn't reach out to touch Ishan’s dick. He didn't blur the last line between their friendship and lust.

“Will you just keep staring?” Ishan grumbled, his cheeks flushed red.

Shubman clicked his tongue, walking away. “You’ve got your little girlfriend to take care of it,” he said nonchalantly.

Ishan rolled his eyes, running his hand through his hair to fix it. “What the fuck were you being so adamant about kissing me then? Tch,” he muttered.

“Because,darling,” Shubman sighed. “When she kisses you tonight, you’ll know who does it better.”

Ishan’s mouth gaped a little before he threw a cushion at Shubman, who dodged it with a chuckle. “You narcissistic piece of shit!” Ishan fussed, shaking his head.

“Where are you going?” Shubman asked when Ishan headed towards the bathroom.

“To have a wank, motherfucker,” Ishan replied with a glare. “I can't walk around with a fucking boner, Can I?”

Shubman paused, a grin spreading across his face. He quickly stepped in between Ishan and the door, blocking the way. “Can?Darling, youwill.”

Ishan shot him a flat look. “What kind of weird porn have you been watching?”

Shubman shook his head innocently. “What if you got hard on the field? You can't have a wank then, can you? This is essentially a drill, Ishan. You must know how to control your body’s physiological reactions!”

“Don’t fuck with me right now,” Ishan whined. He tried to push the boy, but his muscles might as well have been made of bricks. Damn it.

“Shubman, seriously.”

“Iamserious, meri jaan.”

Ishan was so frustrated he might as well just jerk off right there. His brain (finally back to function) helpfully supplied that the chances of Shubman shamelessly taking his dick in his mouth were slim but never zero. So, he didn't want to risk it.

“Sick fucker, you just want to hear me begging, don’t you?” Ishan groaned.

Shubman smiled far too sweetly for the absolute evil he was being at the moment. “That's very tempting but I just want you to learn to have more control over your body, Ish.”

“Ah, fine!” Ishan said exasperatedly. He would just jerk off in the nearest public restroom. The sooner he got out of here, the better.

Shubman knew exactly what idea Ishan might have come up with. He decided to let it go, since he had teased the poor boy enough, but not before whispering one last time in his ear, “If you're a good boy until you come back to me, I’llrewardyou nicely.”

Ishan blushed furiously, feeling as if his face was on fire. He calmed down his thumping heart and walked away from the devil incarnate. “Fuck you and your reward!” he yelled before rushing out.

“Yeah, that was the idea!” Shubman retorted with a chuckle.

Ishan felt like he did a decent job not losing his mind in front of Aditi. He flashed her an apologetic smile, which she returned with a warm one of own.

They spent an hour talking comfortably, discussing everything from their upcoming matches to graduation. He might have brought up his best friend more times than one would on a date, but Aditi seemed to be a good listener. Ishan had sensed it from the moment he had started talking to her – they justclicked. Conversations with her didn't feel forced; he always felt at ease. The shy smiles and sneaky glances that they exchanged made Ishan feel like a middle schooler with a crush.

He loved the purity and innocence of their connection. Yet. Somehow there was aprimal,carnallonging that stirred within him when Shubman kissed him.

“Ishan?” Aditi asked, snapping him out of his thoughts.

"Sorry, what did you say?" Ishan nervously twirled his spoon in his coffee.

Aditi's gaze lingered on Ishan, her eyes narrowing slightly, instinctively drifting to the bruising mark down his neck.A hickey. Her fingers traced the edge of her dress as she looked away biting her lip.

“Nothing much,” she replied quietly. “Just that... you seem a little lost.”

“Oh, um. I just have some stuff on my mind right now. Sorry. I’m not being a very good date, am I?”

Aditi looked down with a small smile, though it appeared forced. “It’s okay, Ish. I had a good time today.”

Was it over already? Ishan wasn't sure if he was disappointed or relieved.

“Do you want to take a walk? There's still some time before curfew,” he suggested, not wanting to head back just yet forobvious reasons.

So, here they were, strolling hand-in-hand. Ishan wasn't sure who initiated it first; he just hoped his palm didn't get sweaty. A part of his brain also replayed the little moment back in his room with Shubman, which he promptly shoved away.

“You’re not seeing anyone, right?” Aditi asked suddenly.

Aditi's sudden question caught Ishan off guard for a moment. "I wouldn't be here if I were," he replied with a smile. “Why do you ask?”

Aditi hesitated a little before shaking her head. “I was just wondering how someone like you could be single,” she quipped with a grin.

Ishan chuckled, nudging her gently. “Saysyou.”

Aditi hummed, her eyes lifting to the moon's soft glow. "It's a beautiful tonight, the moon."

"Yeah," Ishan murmured, following her gaze to the sky. A smile tugged at his lips as he remembered something. "Back in the days, on summer nights, Shubman would stay over, and we would sneak out to the roof at midnight to stargaze.”

Aditi glanced at Ishan, waiting for him to look at her. She counted the seconds before finally planting a light kiss on Ishan’s cheek. He froze for a moment, his breath catching in his throat.

“A-Aditi?”

“Is it okay?” she whispered.

Ishan couldn't help but smile, his cheeks tinged with a blush. "Very," he replied softly. When he turned to lean in for a kiss, she gently placed her hand on his lips, causing him to pout in playful protest.

“Not so fast, hero,” she said with a chuckle, removing her hand.

Ishan sighed, nodding. “Come on, I’ll walk you back to your dorm.”

Aditi wished she were braver, to ask about the hickey, about the way Ishan's eyes gleamed when he mentioned Shubman, just like they did when they admired the moon together. But she was, after all, just a girl who liked a boy too much.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:i’ve watched some bl dramas where they just villainize a woman for liking one of the characters. that’s so immature and crappy. more disappointing when the female audience doesn’t see anything wrong with it. like your internalized misogyny really shows sometimes lol.

anyways, never in my story will i ever thrash a woman for simply being. a. woman. plus, i quite like writing ishan x aditi. it’s boring to just put all the focus on the main couple because where’s the development???