•SHUBMAN GILL•

He walks to me but not before getting stopped by three people who ask for his autograph and selfie. After a decade, when he finally comes to stand beside me, he ask, "What's up?"

"Everything is down, I am getting bored."

A person passing by hears this and says to us, "Well, you two can have a look around the place until the shoot starts."

"Yes, we should do that," Ishan says enthusiastically.

"Okay, let's go."

Even though the palace is closed to the public today, we have managed to secure a tour guide.

He is a young boy, probably in his early twenties, guiding us through different parts of the palace.

He seems very chatty, and in no time, he and Ishan have clicked. Ishan can make friends with anyone, LITERALLY, even with a tree.

He shows us the weaponry and armor hall, which is really huge, and tells us about them, such as a specific weapon used by a particular king or which weapon killed which enemy.

Then he shows us a palanquin collection, providing details about the materials used in making them.

Ishan is asking him a lot of questions about the stuff that we are seeing, and the boy is more than happy to answer those questions, with a smile never leaving his face. Not just that, but his eyes never leave Ishan's face.

He doesn't even spare a single glance in my direction, as if I don't even exist at all.

It's not like I am dying to get his attention but I don't like the way he is looking at Ishan, ADMIRINGLY, A BIT TOO MUCH ADMIRINGLY.

We are in the main hall, and to make my presence known to that boy, I take Ishan's hand in mine and keep walking, pretending as if it's the most natural thing we do. Ishan is kind of taken aback by that but doesn't withdraw his hand, which is good; otherwise, imagine I would be making a complete fool out of myself in front of the tour guide boy.

I notice that the smile on the boy's face dims when he glances at our intertwined hands. Mission accomplished. Wohoo.

He takes us to the remaining part, this time focusing more on the things he is describing instead of eye fucking Ishan.

When we are done touring the whole palace, which took more time than we initially thought, that boy asks for a picture together.

"So you know us?" Ishan ask him with a hint of amusement.

"Of course, who doesn't?" the boy replies, taking out his phone. I take his picture with Ishan, and Ishan takes one with me and the boy.

I am sure he wanted a picture only with Ishan, but out of courtesy, he begrudgingly takes one with me.

"Have fun shooting here," he says cheerily, looking towards Ishan and giving him a hug before leaving.

I am surprised that he didn't kiss Ishan before leaving or proposed him with the royal palace as backdrop.Fucker.

"Ishan, you are so innocent," I say, looking at the retreating figure of that boy.

"That's so random. But why?"

"Didn't you see how that boy was looking at you?"

"Oh, so you're jealous that he was charmed by me? Huh? I know I am quite charismatic," his lips curl into a proud smile.

I look at him with a pitiful smile. "Did you forget to take your pills?"

"What kind of pills?"

"Anti-delusional pills!"

He rolls his eyes.

---

I see Ishan stepping out of the vanity van, wearing ethnic attire similar to mine, and oh boy, he looks absolutely gorgeous in that.

The photoshoot begins, and the first set of photos is taken with us sitting on the stairs.

Then, we use the royal gates as backdrops, which have intricate designs crafted on them.

We have limited areas for shooting, as most parts of the palace are off-limits for any kind of photography.

But the team does a great job. Ishan and I change outfits a total of six times.

When we see the pictures, I am quite impressed with how they turned out.

I post a few behind-the-scenes pictures on my Instagram, and fans go wild over them, showering us with all kinds of positive comments. From expressing how much they wanted us together in a photoshoot to telling us how absolutely stunning we look together in those attires. They are in for a treat. I can only imagine their reaction when they finally see the photoshoot pictures. I smile at the comments when Nia squeals in joy, "Listen, listen," she asks for my and Darshan's attention.

"There is a huge carnival going on not far from our hotel. I attended it a few years back. We should go there," she says with infectious excitement. And even though we are tired, we don't have the heart to say no to her.

So we find ourselves at the carnival festival—me, Ishan, Nia, and Darshan.

Nia explains everything to us with a lot of joy, and I notice Darshan listening to her not only keenly but... I don't know how to describe it, more like he wants to listen to her, and only her. It seems like even if she were saying some utter crap, Darshan would listen to her with the same admiration that he is showing now.

This Darshan seems strange. I am used to a grumpy Darshan. I never imagined him like this.

Then I look at Ishan; he is also listening to Nia with interest, but his gaze lacks the admiration.

Then I look at Darshan again and think, how would it feel to be in love? To be soft only for that person? To show a completely different side of yourself to the person you love... To look at them as if they are the center of your universe. OR to be the jam of their Jim-jam biscuit (okay may be not the last one). It all must be a different experience. An experience I hope to have someday in the future.

I look at Ishan again, and he looks beautiful with that natural smile adorning his face.

"Who is coming to the Ferris wheel with me?" Nia ask

No one responds.

"What is this? Don't be party poopers, guys," she says with a fake angry expression.

We agree to her, and Darshan is the last one to agree.

And in the Ferris wheel, we find out why he was the last one to agree. Because he is shit scared and the whole time he just screams his lungs out, holding Nia's hand while the three of us are laughing our asses off.

Thank God we agreed to come to the carnival; otherwise, I could have missed the opportunity to see a scared Darshan.

Now if Darshan says anything to me or shows me his anger, I will pull the 'at least I am not shit scared of the Ferris wheel' card or 'at least I don't scream my lungs out holding my assistant's hand on a Ferris wheel' card, that will shut him up.

I am seeing too many unknown versions of Darshan in a single day, which I seem to really enjoy.

After a while, we get separated into two groups, Ishan and me, Nia and Darshan.

We explore the carnival, did different activities, and ate delicious food. Even Ishan seems to enjoy it despite the tiredness from the photoshoot.

When it is time to return, I see Darshan and Nia, Darshan being barefoot, fixing his shoes on Nia's foot and Nia's heel tied to the sling bag which Darshan is holding.

"Oh, my eyes, my eyes," I say dramatically and keep a hand over my eyes.

"What are you doing, Gill?" A confused Ishan asks.

"Can't handle this much love, I'll get diabetes."

When darshan and Nia stride towards us, I throw a hand over Darshan's shoulder (something I have never done) like we are besties or something.

"You should propose to her," I give him a huge grin, and his face shows a hint of blush...and oh my god, I could tease him endlessly.

---

Ishan enters the room. He appears a little drunk but sober enough to walk on his own. He walks towards me with steady steps, slowly leaning over my lying figure and placing both of his hands on either side of me.

"What are you doing, Ishan?" I ask as my pulse quickens.

"Can I kiss you?" he asks with a needy tone in his voice, his gaze lingering on my lips.

"What... I mean why?" I stammer under his scrutiny.

~~~