•SHUBMAN GILL•

I sense someone's presence at the doorstep, and I struggle to fully open my eyes due to the heaviness in my eyelids.

But wait a minute, how could someone enter the room when both Ishan and I are in bed? Didn't we lock the door last night?

After blinking several times, I can see clearly that it's not just one person but several standing there: Virat bhaiya, Hardik bhaiya, Shreyas, and Surya Bhai.

They all wear stunned expressions as they look in our direction, and that's when it dawns on me that Ishan and I are in a cuddling position with my arm loosely wrapped around his neck, and his own hand placed over my chest.

Feeling a little embarrassed, I attempt to get up only to be stopped by Ishan's sleepy figure who snuggles more into me. I glance back at our spectators, and try to form a coherent sentence, but my drowsy brain fails me.

Hardik bhaiya speaks up, "Our practice was supposed to start at 7:30." My gaze snaps towards the clock, and it's already 8:05. Oh no.

Ishan and I checked into the hotel very late last night because our flight from Jaipur got delayed. Instead of going straight to bed, we decided to watch a horror movie and ended up scaring the shit out of ourselves. But fortunately, we were able to use the washroom. ALONE.

In conclusion, because of all that, we slept very, very late.

"I want you two on the team bus within 10 minutes," Virat bhaiya says sternly.

All of them leave the room, but Shreyas lingers a little longer, staring into my soul as I free myself from a clingy Ishan and get out of bed.

With an amused expression, Shreyas remarks, "Last time I checked, you two were fake boyfriends."

WHAT?

Before I can say anything, he leaves too, leaving me standing here dumbfounded.

I shift my focus towards Ishan, "Ishan... Ishan, wake up," I shake his shoulders in an attempt to wake him, but there's no response.

"Ishan, wake up, otherwise Virat bhaiya will eat us alive," I cry out, earning a response from him. In a low voice and sleepy tone, he says, "Virat bhaiya ain't a cannibal," He changes his position, "Let me sleep a little more."

"ISSHHAAANNNN, PLEASE," I literally shout over his head.

It takes me a few more minutes of struggle, but he finally gets out of bed.

And that struggle included tickling him, which worked.

---

We both enter the bus, and everyone's head snaps in our direction as we are the last ones to arrive. But Ishan could not care any less right now as he is still very groggy. We both settle at our destined seats and within minutes I find him fast asleep, my shoulder serving as his personal pillow. His face is relaxed and his breath gentle and rhythmic.

And this does not go unnoticed by the team members around. My thoughts wander back to the day we both started sleeping on the same bed. I found us cuddling each other the next morning, even though we both usually sleep on our respective sides of the bed. But this fact is not known to Ishan because I am always the one to wake up first.

I don't know who snuggles up to whom, but in the morning I find both of us in the middle of the bed, cuddling.

If Virat, Hardik, and Surya Bhai throw weird looks towards us, Ishan will just think that they are being weird.

I think it's quite normal to cuddle someone, I mean come on, we are teammates and even friends now, right? People need to be open-minded.

On the grounds, our first practice session of the day goes quite peacefully, and now everyone is just lying around, relaxing, chugging down water bottles, and pouring the remaining water on their faces to cool themselves off.

"You know, if my roommate tried to snuggle up to me while sleeping, I would rather change rooms," says Surya Bhai, throwing teasing glances towards me and Ishan.

"What are you talking about? Your roommate is Shreyas. Is he like that?" asks a confused Siraj Bhai.

"Nope, but some people are," Shreyas Bhai also chimes in the conversation.

Siraj Bhai looks at me for some explanation, but I just shrug, pretending I don't know what they are talking about. When I glance at Ishan, he is unbothered by the ongoing conversation, playing with a puppy who is sitting on his tummy. We didn't talk much today except when needed during our practices.

When the break is over, I stand up, removing the dust from my pants, and notice that Ishan is fast asleep. He can sleep anywhere, anytime.

"Wake up, you sleeping koala," I sprinkle water over his face. He opens one of his eyes and touches his cheeks. "Is it raining?"

I give him a hand, which he takes, and he gets up. "No, but if you keep sleeping here, you'll definitely see raining, raining of Rohit bhaiya's anger."

"I am angry at you," he says, picking up his gears.

"For what?"

"You didn't let me sleep 5 more minutes today," he walks a little ahead of me.

"You gotta be kidding me, I saved your ass from getting lectured by Virat and Rohit bhaiya."

"Whatever."

I pull him back a little, playfully gripping his arm.

"Oi, don't 'whatever' me." Now he is face to face with me, his big doe eyes boring into mine, and this situation triggers something in my brain.

Ishan enters the room; he seems a little drunk but sober enough to walk on his own. He walks towards me with steady steps, slowly leans over my lying figure, keeping both of his hands on either side of me.

"What are you doing, Ishan?" I ask as my pulse quickens.

"Can I kiss you?" He asks with a needy-ness  in his voice, his gaze lingering on my lips.

"What... I mean, why?" I stammer under his scrutiny.

"We are boyfriends, meri jaan," now our lips are dangerously close, his warm breath mingling with mine.

"But we are fa------mhhmmm..." He cut me off as he kisses the word 'fake' out of my mouth; the touch of his soft lips feels heavenly. I close my eyes, feeling every move of his lips.

He cups my face with one hand, deepening the kiss. The moment feels blissful.

He breaks the kiss and looks me in the eyes, searching for something. "Do you regret it?"

I answer his question by kissing him back.

The whole dream flashes in front of my eyes, and in a moment of horror, I push Ishan back. "What are you doing? And why do you look so pale as if you have seen a ghost?"

I dare to meet his gaze. What the heck was that dream? And why do I remember it so clearly? And why did it feel so real and why did it feel so--

"Shubman? Shubman? What happened?"

I can hear him very well, but my mind is very much occupied by the dream.

"GILL?" he waves his hand.I just stand there without moving or saying anything.

"Are you sick?" He asks, putting the back of his hand over my forehead. I flinch, taking a step back.

"Why are you behaving weird all of a sudden?" He waits for my answer, but nothing comes, so he continues, "Okay, I am not angry with you! Happy?"

Happy? No.Traumatized? Very much.

"Now stop behaving weird and let's get back to practice," he starts dragging me while holding my wrist. How will he react if he finds out about the unholy dream I had about him?

---

I busied myself in practice, pushing the image of that dream back in my mind. But it keeps flashing in front of me again and again. Even if I close my eyes for a few seconds, the image of that nonsense dream is there. Ugh, what is this shit?

After practice ended, Yuzi bhai asked us to join him to go for a film. Ishan declined, saying he is tired, but I saw this as a great opportunity to divert my mind and forget about the dream, so I agreed to go with him.

The film was great and it indeed helped me keep that dream away. But when we returned to the hotel and I stood in front of my room, my mood soured as I saw Ishan hugging someone tightly.

I don't know the person he is hugging.

Cousin? Friend? Boyfriend? Real one?

~~~