“Why would I hide anything from you?” Ishan said with a weak smile.

“Okay,” Aditi replied before starting to get up.

Ishan panicked, grabbing her hand. “No, please, Adi. If you're worried about something, talk to me.”

Aditi looked at him, her expression softening a bit. “I’m not worried if you aren't hiding anything.”

Ishan rubbed his palms together soothingly, his eyes searching Aditi's face for any sign of hesitation. “Let me walk you to class?”

Aditi’s eyes darted away for a moment before she shook her head slowly. “I actually have to meet a friend, so–”

“Please don't lie to me,” Ishan muttered, his voice tinged with a hint of desperation.

Aditi gulped, her fingers fidgeting with the strap of her bag. “Aren’t you?”

Ishan took a deep breath, his shoulders slumping as he dropped his head onto her shoulder, his grip on her hand tightening slightly. “I’m sorry.”

Aditi rubbed his back, trying to offer what little comfort she could, even though her heart felt heavy. “Are you seeing someone else? Is that it?”

Ishan blinked, pulling back. “What- No! Why would you think that?”

Aditi shot him a confused frown. “Well, you know,the hickey.”

Ishan fixed his collar instinctively, sighing. “It’s not what you think. This is not– This isn't from a girl.”

“Huh?”

Ishan’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment as he muttered, “It's from Shubman.”

Aditi stared at him. “What?”

For some reason, she wasn't surprised. Then she was worried that she wasn't surprised. “Excuse me?” she asked.

“It’s a little complicated,” Ishan grunted.

Aditi’s eyes widened as she stepped back a little. “Is the rumor true? You–”

“No!” Ishan exclaimed, his voice laced with panic. “He's not gay. Please don’t tell anyone, he has such a bright future. He’s not anything of that sort, so please–”

“Hey, it’s okay,” Aditi reassured him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “I’m not telling anyone. Ish, it’sokayif he is.”

Ishan’s eyes flickered with panic. “No, he's not!”

“Okay, okay. He's not, I get it.” Aditi sighed, pulling him into a hug.

‘Oh, he definitely is’,her brain quipped.

She gulped, deciding if she should ask again. “But I still need to know what happened between you two, Ish.”

Ishan hesitated, slowly drawing away. Seeing his discomfort, she said, “I would never judge you, Ish. But I deserve to know.”

Ishan sighed, running a hand through his hair nervously. “I did... something stupid with Shubman. It was just a one-time thing… that, um, might have happened afewtimes.”

‘Oh, Aditi, we’re really in it now,’her brain quipped once again.

Aditi blinked, trying to process what he was saying. “Is this a... boys thing?” she managed to speak.

Ishan looked away, biting his lip. “I don't think so. But! It didn't mean anything, I swear.”

“Wow, um.” Aditi looked up at the summer sky, trying to stay calm. “I don't know what to say, Ish.”

What did she get herself into? Was this cheating? But they weren't together. Were Ishan and Shubman together? But it was very unlikely. Should she dump iced coffee on Ishan? But that was a hassle. Should she get a therapist? Probably.

Aditi sighed, running her fingers through her hair. “You know, I can't even decide if this counts as cheating because we aren't even together. What are we, Ish?”

Ishan’s eyes widened, a mix of panic and guilt flashing across his face. “Okay, I’m sorry. I really am sorry. Please, just don’t leave me,” he pleaded.

“Huh? Why wouldIleave?” Aditi quirked an eyebrow. “Do you not like girls, Ish?”

“What? Obviously I do. You’ve seen me date–”

“Don't say her name!”

“Oh, okay. Wait, I mean, why are you asking me that?!”

“Listen here, you little piece of sunshine, I’m not just going to simply hand you over to that pole,” Aditi said, poking his chest.

“What are you even talking about–”

“Tell him to fight for you if he has the balls,” Aditi declared, crossing her arms.

“I’m so confused,” Ishan mumbled. “Adi– Wait, where are you going?!”

“To get prettier!” Aditi stomped off, leaving him to have an existential crisis in the middle of the park. “His lashes are longer than mine. Ugh!”

Ishan blinked. God, he had ruined a perfectly sane girl.

“Why haven't you been picking up my calls?”

Ishan could imagine Shubman’s puffed cheeks on the other side of the call. He added, “Kya hua, meri jaan?”

“Don't call me that!”

Oh, no. He’s pissed. Ishan sighed, running his hand through his hair as he flopped on his bed. “Thank you for the cake, Shubman.”

“Don't call me that either!”

“Okay, fine. If you don't want to talk to me then goodbye.” Ishan chuckled at the whine that followed.

“You totally ghosted me yesterday,”Shubman said, probably pouting.

“I returned in the morning.”

“Yeah, after I left.”

“I’m sorry, Shubi. I was hanging out with Rishabh and I was too tired to walk back to the room.”

“Okay, but you could have come to see me off.”

“I woke up late, Shubi.”

“Stop giving excuses. I know you were avoiding me.”

Ishan bit the inside of his cheek. “Why would I ever avoid you?”

“So we're ignoring the three years in between.”

“Oh, come on,” Ishan groaned. “Anyway, I got in trouble because of your stupid hickey. Aditi thought we were something.”

“Huh, what thing?”

“I don't know, I didn't quite get what she was saying. Girls are a little hard to understand.”

“Yeah, don't say,”Shubman snorted.

Ishan giggled before he gasped. “God, do you know there are rumours about you being gay?”

Shubman went silent before sighing.“Yeah, I know.”

“What did you do, Shubi?”

“What do you think I’d do?”

“You tell me, did you kiss a boy?”

“Are you jealous?”Shubman teased.

Ishan scoffed, “I’m jealous, yeah, of your audacity to crack jokes in the middle of a crisis.”

“I’ve lived in this crisis for years. It’s alright, Ish.”

Ishan hummed, rolling on his back to stare at the ceiling. “Shouldn’t we do something to stop the rumour?”

“Believe me, they just need someone to blame the loss on. What's a better scapegoat than an alleged gay Captain?”

“Are people mean to you, Shubi?” Ishan asked softly.

Shubman had always been a gentle soul in school. He used to be a timid, shy boy, but once he opened up, there was no shutting him up. His voice was softer than most other boys, tagged asfeminineby some. He just had a late puberty, alright?

Shubman might have changed himself, embracing narcissism and wearing a fearless smile, but that soft boy from school never disappeared; he just learned to hide better. The child in him never grew, only his body did.

Shubman paused before chuckling.“I can't call the world mean just because no one cares for me the way you did.”

Ishan smiled to himself, snuggling into his pillow. “What do you mean ‘did’? I still do.”

“Do you?”

Ishan frowned at the hesitant tone, sitting up. “Of course.”

“Liar! You don’t ghost people you care about.”

“We’re back to square one,” Ishan groaned. “Okay, I made aghastly betrayal.How shall I compensate, meri jaan?”

Shubman giggled, followed by a satisfied hum.“Give me a kiss,”he said, making exaggerated smooching noises.

“Grown ass man.”

“Just tell me if you want me dead, Ish.”Shubman sniffled dramatically.

“Talk to you later, bro.”

“Rude much,”Shubman grumbled, stopping his act.“If I don't get a kiss now, you know what I can do to get it.”

Ishan’s heart did a little flip every time Shubman joked about it. Couldn't the other just have some respect for his sanity?

“Um, Rohit’s yelling my name.”

“Bach gaya saala. You better hurry then. Bye, jaan.”

“Bye.”

Ishan fell back on the bed with a sigh. Aditi’s question echoed in his mind– “What are we?”

He rubbed his temples with a small groan before letting his hands fall by his sides. The same question burned on his lips, wanting to be asked to Shubman.

The next time they met each other was after two weeks, at the club. Ishan was nursing a drink at the bar when someone caged him from behind; someone who scented of lavender even in the pool of sweaty junkies.

Shubman grinned as he leaned on the bar counter. "Does your little girlfriend know you’re out having fun alone?”

“Mylittle girlfriend’sright here,” Ishan said, pointing vaguely.

Rishabh had dragged the team to check out the new club. Ishan had thought he should have the balls to ask Aditi out, so he did. He's glad he did. He could now rely on her to distract him from staring at Shubman’s teasingly revealed chest.

God, he was already tipsy. Ishan tried to excuse himself, afraid Shubman would make him do something stupid again. Though their last time at club was veryeventful, Ishan was sure his girlfriend-not-girlfried wouldn't approve of him exchanging spit with his best friend.

Shubman followed him, nonetheless. He flashed his sweetest smile at Aditi, who returned it with an equally sweet one. "Leave," they both thought at the same time.

“Why, you lookgorgeousas ever,” Shubman said, his voice laced with honey.

“Not more than you,” Aditi replied. “Wouldn't you agree,Ishan?”

Ishan felt uneasy as both of them turned their attention to him, waiting for a response. How did he always end up in such situations? He took a swig of his drink and replied, “Uhhh. I look better than both of you actually.”

Shubman and Aditi blinked, exchanging a confused glance before slowly nodding.

“Oh, ho, ho. Look who’s here,” Surya called out, slapping Shubman’s back.

“Sex on legs just walked in,” Mayank slurred, leaning against an irritated Abhishek. “Leave some girls for us, bro!”

“Gill’s scoring tonight. Who wants to bet?” Hardik chimed in with a grin.

Shubman laughed, running a hand through his hair. Hewasfeeling himself tonight, especially with the glances that Ishan kept stealing at him. Noticing the verytargetedsmirk on the boy’s face, Ishan rolled his eyes. He engaged in light chatter with the others, avoiding both Shubman and Aditi’s stares. Especially when hisexwalked up to him.

They barely dated for three months before mutually deciding that she was too hot for him. Anyway, there wasn't any bad blood between them, so he didn't read too much into her touches that lingered on his arm. Unlike two people.

“Sly bitch,”they both muttered at the same time.

Aditi looked at Shubman, surprised. “That’s rude,” she said.

Shubman cleared his throat, averting his gaze. “Don’t be a hypocrite.”

“I’m his girl– Well, we’retogether. I can be rude about his ex hitting on him,” Aditi said, raising an eyebrow.

“Hisex?” Shubman hissed, diverting Aditi’s next question. “He had a girlfriend?”

Aditi scrunched her nose, nodding. “In second year. I don't like her.”

Shubman looked back at the girl, her hand still on Ishan’s arm. “Yeah, me neither.”

Aditi raised her glass towards him. “Shubman, can I ask you something?”

“No.”

“Fuck you then.”

“Cheers,” Shubman grinned, clinking their glasses together.

“What was her name again,”Ishan thought to himself as he tried to focus on whatever his ex was saying.

“Why did you drink so much if you have such a low tolerance?” Abhishek whined, trying to push away Mayank, who was clinging to him like a koala.

“Aren't you here to take care of me?” Mayank giggled, rubbing his cheek against Abhishek's, causing the other to wince at the stubble.

“No, you ugly monkey.”

Mayank scowled, throwing a weak punch at the other. “How dare you call me ugly?! You–! You’re–! Damn, I can't even call you ugly.”

Abhishek shifted as Mayank's face drew a little too close for his liking. "Why?" he mumbled.

Mayank blinked, then turned to face Abhishek, cupping his face rather aggressively, sandwiching it between his hands. “You’re so cute! Cutie patatooie, kuchi kuchi–”

“Fuck off,” Abhishek finally shoved him, causing him to land on the sofa with a groan.

“You’re not half bad either,” he added with an amused smile.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:i was initially about to write aditi as extremely selfless and pure. then i was like. wtf if this misogynistic mindset lmao. bring back sassy female characters, they aren’t just a token extra character in your BLs. it’s funny cuz in straight dramas, people are always pushing both of the rivals to end up with the mc. but in BLs, especially when mc is bi, people want the girl to give up without even trying??? that’s not called being an ally lmao that is calledbi erasureof a character who has been clearly stated to be bi.

tho aditi isn’t any rival for shubman here. she’s cooking something, trust 🤞