Shubman didn't know how long he had been sitting on that balcony floor. When He jolts back to reality. A reality where he knows his life will never be the same again.

Is it too late to run after Ishan now?

No. He can't let that happen, he just can't let Ishan go.

He looks up at the closed door while wiping his eyes with the back of his hands before sprinting out of the room.

Shubman walks into the lobby hoping to find Ishan in one of the team member's rooms but gets his hopes crushed one by one.

At last, he walks towards Rohit's door and knocks.

"B-Bhaiya have you seen Ishan?" Shubman asks.

"Yeah, he came to ask me something 10 minutes ago and left, did something happen with you two? How come you don't know about his whereabouts?" Rohit questioned, wondering why both of them were coming knocking on his door one after another.

"N-no nothing...I'll go look for him" Shubman says rushing towards the elevator.

After not finding Ishan anywhere in the hotel Shubman went out to look at any familiar place they went to in this town anywhere he could go.

After driving around for hours Shubman decides to call Ishan and that's when he sees, the news of Ishan dropping out due to mental fatigue notifications popping up from gc everyone asking why nobody was informed about this

His heartbeat started hammering deep inside his chest and the sound of it scared him in ways he didn't even think were possible. Shubman's eyes are still stuck on the phone screen.

He swallowed down another wave of tears didn't want to make his eyes blurry as he drove back to the hotel.

.

.

.

.

.

Shubman lets out a pained sigh as he opens the door to their room just to find it empty.

He quickly noticed how there were only his bags left by the wardrobe. It felt like another stab at him. Making him let out an ironic laugh that soon turned into sobbing.

It had been inevitable, hadn't it?

He couldn't do anything, couldn't find Ishan, couldn't make him stop, couldn't tell him the truth--

Shubman remembered the beginning of this and, he knew exactly when it all started when he was doomed.

It was the day he saw that proposal from his management on a random morning in August 2021. there was no stopping it, he had known it deep down since the beginning.

The plan was simple, get involved with someone famous and give people something to talk about, A good PR for both the parties involved.

They told him to write down every slightest famous girl he was friends and Acquaintances with, and he did as told.

A few days later he got a text from them telling him how Sara Tendulkar might be the best option as she's connected with cricket also.

Shubman remembers meeting Sara for the First time at the age of 15.

The first few meetings were awkward he had so much respect for her father that made him think twice before saying anything, Gradually he became more comfortable and somehow developed a friendship with her that turned into a tiny crush.

They would flirt here and there but it all died down when she left for London for her MSC degree.

Somehow Abhishek got to know about all that and started teasing him, Shubman would get annoyed at the beginning but he stopped getting bothered by his best friend's constant teasing.

He heard from a friend that she returned to Mumbai last month but he hasn't reached out to her nor did she.

.

.

.

.

.

Shubman hated situations that were not under his control and out of his comfort zone, he hated texting people first, but now his PR Team is negging him constantly to reach out to Sara and go somewhere where they could be photographed easily.

So he did, he did reach out to her and she was surprisingly excited to meet him again after exchanging texts for weeks they finally met.

Shubman didn't know the exact moment was when that tiny crush faded, but he realised it now. It wasn't a moment, an hour, an exact date, time or place, it went away with her when she left because he does not feel anything for her as he look at her now, nor did he missed her when she was gone even for a single day.

Shubman raised his head to take a good look at her, she's a bit chubby now her hair shorter than before she looked a bit cute there as she sat in front of him deep into talking and reminding him of the old days.

The outing with her didn't get much attention from the public at the beginning so he'll have to continue with commenting on her posts playing push and pull games in her DMs. And people did start to notice they started leaving comments on her posts. He knows she already has something going on with a guy named Siddhartha but as long as he's not being the reason for their split he could work with that.

But the real blow was when he hung out with Sara Ali Khan. It was just a friendly get-together for them and people turned that into something else to fit their love triangle narrative.

That's when they got the whole nation's attention on them everyone talking About them, their names were trending on Twitter.

The teasing came back from Abhishek soon his team started it too then the whole stadium started shouting her name at every match, their fans and following grew.

Shubman loved the attention however it was getting tiresome, he didn't know how long he could keep this up, he wants to be known for his game, not for his relationships.

He got lost, too deep into all this he thought it would make him happy, and it did worked but not in a way he wanted it to be.

Not after he had the taste of happiness with Ishan, had the taste of him that made Shubman feel the sudden excitement and desire.

After the World Cup, he decides to end it for good when he keeps receiving texts from Sara asking him to meet up so he does he flies back to Mumbai.

They decided to meet in his apartment as the World Cup just ended and he didn't want to create a scandal or bring more attention to himself.

"Wow you look handsome even with messy hair" Sara blurted as soon as he opened the door.

"I didn't expected to get reviews on my look at this hour" Shulman says staring at her dumbfounded.

"How are you feeling after the World Cup?" She asks sitting on the couch.

"Overwhelmed" Shubman replies without glancing in her direction "What would you like to have? Coffee? Or something else?"

"Got any ginger ale?" She asks.

"No, but there's diet coke" Shubman comes back and hands her a can of diet coke.

Sara chuckles "Saw some edits of you and Ishan everyone in the comment section thinks you both are gay for each other" She tries to break the awkward silence. But soon realised she made it even more awkward.