Shubman was pathetically bored. No, that did not have anything to do with the lack of Ishan's attention he was getting at the moment.

Ishan, who was dancing with Aditi, nervously tucked his hand around her waist as they both shyly glanced around. Shubman rolled his eyes at the sight. At this point, Ishan had gone further with Shubman than he had with hisgirlfriend.

You see, Shubman didn't mind his best friendgetting some. He just had a distaste for having to watch it play out right in front of him. His grip on his glass grew tighter as he swallowed an ugly feeling. Whether Ishan loved her or not didn't matter; when he was in the room, Shubman wanted Ishan's eyes on him alone. He demanded every ounce of Ishan’s attention like a rotten dog, baring his teeth in open defiance.

Ishan flashed him a small smile when their eyes met across the dance floor. Shubman took an angry swig of his drink, scoffing to himself. What was he smiling about? What was there to smile about when he could love a girl at his disposal, but Shubman couldn't? Not a girl, never a boy. No one.

There were times when Shubman felt like he wasn't built to surviveanyhuman relationship. The very notion of him feeling like he had tosurvivewithin one was the reason. Maybe that's why he denied any feelings that rose like bile in his throat. If he were ever to love someone, he would love like a beast, like a monster, like something not worth loving back.

So he searched, his eyes flickering under the neon lights, for someone who would see him for the monster he was. He smirked when he caught a guy staring at him, unashamedly so.How convenient. Shubman strode up to him, giving the other a chance to step back. He didn't.

"Wanna take a breather?" Shubman asked with a grin, gesturing vaguely towards the restroom.

The guy, probably younger than him, nodded hesitantly. It was easy to communicate when you both came from the same rot. Shubman glanced at Ishan over his shoulder as they made their way. Ishan's eyes held a confused glint, watching them intently. The satisfaction was small but tangible.

They weren't here for small talk, and they both knew it. So, the kissing was more like an attack, aprimalinstinct taking over. Shubman wasn't sure if he even properly saw the boy's face under the dim lights. But it didn't matter. All he cared about was the heat of the moment, the messy collision of teeth and tongue mixed with the alcohol enough to drive Shubman back into his narcissism, where he held the power.

Shubman closed his eyes, realising the sensation of lips and teeth on his neck. He tilted his head back, giving the boy better access. “Don’t leave marks,” he muttered.

The boy nodded, peppering kisses instead. Shubman gripped his hair, tugging it slightly to bring him down. “I didn't ask you to be gentle,” he grunted.

The boy nodded once again, his fingers hovering over Shubman’s waistband when the loud creak of the door startled him. Shubman didn't open his eyes, even when he felt the other boy scramble to his feet and hurry out of the restroom.

He imagined the expression on Ishan’s face. Would he be angry? Hurt? Betrayed?

“Took you long enough, Ish.”

He knew he was right when he finally opened his eyes. The only mistake— it wasn't Ishan.

Shubman’s heart dropped, and he could barely whisper, “Abhi?”

"What were you doing, Shubman?" Abhishek's voice sounded cold, breaking the heavy silence between them.

“I can explain,” Shubman managed, feeling his throat go dry.

“Yeah, you better.”

Shubman felt tears welling up in his eyes. Abhishek had never looked so calm before, it was not a good sign. "Can you at least come closer to me?" he asked, his voice tinged with pleading.

Abhishek clenched his jaw, his feet rooted to the spot. “Shubman,don’t.”

“I…I was just fooling around. I don't even know his name, I swear,” Shubman’s voice trembled.

“You call thatfooling around?” Abhishek snapped. “Do you know what you just proved?”

Shubman stepped forward slowly, afraid Abhishek would be disgusted by him.

“The rumours– Abhi, they are–” Shubman started, his voice barely a whisper.

“They are fucking true, aren't they?” Abhishek interrupted, his tone cutting through the air like a knife.

Shubman's eyes welled up with tears, he shook his head. “No, I– I would never do that to you. Abhi, please, listen to me.”

“When have I ever not listened to you, Shubman?” Abhishek's voice turned steely again. “Ever since we first met, I’ve listened to your dreams about becoming the best cricketer in the country. I’ve listened when you talked about Star Wars even though I couldn't care less about it. I’ve listened to you cry like a child every night after Ishan left.”

“W-Why are you being like this,” Shubman sniffled.

“Why? Because Ishan knew about it, didn't he?”

“About what–”

“You knowwhat, Shubman.”

When he didn't answer, Abhishek asked, “How long has Ishan known about it?”

“Abhi–”

“Just. Answer. Me.”

“Since tenth grade,” he whispered.

Abhishek took a sharp breath before mumbling, “I see. I’m just a sidekick, after all.”

“What the fuck are you on about?” Shubman reached out to hold his hand, but Abhishek flinched away.

“Shubman, please. I have had enough of youandIshan.”

Shubman looked at him in disbelief before a surge of anger took over. Without thinking, his fist shot up, gripping Abhishek by his collar and pinning him to the wall. “Take that back before I break your fucking nose.”

“Why? You thought you and Ishan are the only ones who could throw tantrums?” Abhishek sneered, his voice thick with bitterness.

“What'swrongwith you?” Shubman whispered, pulling away, hurt evident in his eyes.

Abhishek’s eyes softened for a moment. “Ifyoustill can't see what's wrong, then there’s no point in talking,” he said, stepping back.

Shubman cursed under his breath, shoving the other into the wall once again. "For fuck’s sake, Abhi," Shubman spat out, his voice strained with frustration. "I'm gay. Is that what you wanted to hear?”

“No, it's not.” Abhishek looked away, he seemed close to tears as well. “Notnow.”

“You’ve never been this difficult,” Shubman sighed exasperatedly.

“Difficult, huh?” Abhishek mumbled bitterly. “Yeah, I am. I’m every bit as difficult, sensitive, andhumanas you both are. Just because I don't shout, just because I don'tleave, just because I’myour Abhi, doesn't mean I don't get hurt.”

Shubman’s eyes widened, and he tried to pull Abhishek into a hug, but the other declined. “I didn't mean it like that, Abhi, I’m sorry. Please tell me what's hurting you.Please.”

“What else can hurt me like this but both of my best friends?” Abhishek whispered, a sad smile playing on his lips. “Who else but you two hold such power over me that I stay despite knowing you don't need me?”

“We do need you, Abhi!” Shubman shook him by the shoulder, his voice filled with desperation. “We love you so much.”

“Not in the way you need each other,” Abhishek muttered bitterly. “That's fine. Something's always been too special between you and Ishan. You two hurt each other in a way only you can mend each other. But did it ever occur to you that seeing you two hurt, hurt me too? Ever wondered whose shoulder I cried on while I was busy lending mine to yours? Did you ever ask yourself if I was only a replacement for Ishan when he wasn't around you?”

Shubman's breath caught in his throat, his heart sinking at Abhishek's words. “I would never do that. Abhi, I love you. Please–”

“You wanted tomoldme into Ishan in those three years, Shubman,” Abhishek said, his eyes locked on the other’s. “You made me wear your shirts, you slept in my bed, you held my hand, you made me watch Star Wars until I had nightmares of fucking Anakin Skywalker. That's just not us, Shubman. We don't do that. You stopped going to the arcade with me, you stopped ordering my favorite pizza without me having to tell you, you stopped talking to me about your dreams of joining the national team. These may seem like small things to you, but not to me.”

With every passing second, Shubman found it harder to breathe. Before he knew it, he was crying.

“And, Ish?” Abhishek added. “He didn't even look at me when he leftthatday. He didn’t even consider that leaving you meant leaving me too. I wasn’t even worth a fight. None of you two realize that I was seventeen too; it'smyfirst time living too, Shubman.”

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Shubman repeated like a prayer, one that would not be heard this time.

“I’m not upset that you didn't tell me,” Abhishek spoke. “My heart breaks because you didn't trust me after all these yearsIhave tried to mold myself for you, Shubman.”

Shubman shook his head helplessly as his tears blurred his vision. “I trust you with my life, Abhi. I will never hide anything from you again,I promise. Please, don't be mad at me.”

Abhishek felt a lump form at the back of his throat as he heard the crack in Shubman's voice. He willed Shubman's hands away, unable to meet the gaze of the face he had loved like his own.

Abhishek stared at his best friend, daring him to stop him. He didn't.

“I’m not going todilutemyself anymore, you canchoke,” Abhishek said before closing the door behind him.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:much expected breakdown of abhi.my goal is to make every single character so fucking complex that you lose your mind trying to take a side xoxo.

i’ve never been in a position like abhishek’s in my life but i hope this sounded real enough. wese dekha jaaye toh i shouldn't be writing a love story either because i haven’t even held a boy’s hand. haha, pain.