•SHUBMAN GILL•

He goes to take a shower, and when he comes out, he's wearing a white T-shirt, black jeans, and layering a black denim jacket over his T-shirt.

"Are we going somewhere?" I ask excitedly.

"Nope, not you, but I am going out........with Mayank."

My smile and heart both drop.

"Oh," is all I manage to say.

"Yeah, and you should rest. Your injury might be hurting."

Arrey, seedha seedha bolo na, saath nahi le jana. Aur sirf Mayank ke saath jana hai bahar.... 'YoUr inJurY miGht bEhUrtinNg'kya hota hai?

[Don't beat around the bush and just say it straight that you don't want to take me with you. And only want to go out with Mayank... What is ''YoUr inJurY miGht bEhUrtinNg']

"But..." I try to say that I am fine and can go with him, but I am not going to force myself on him.

Before leaving, he looks toward me. "You should get your food here only. All the bhaiyas (bros) have gone out with their families, so they won't be here for dinner."

Abbey ja na, apne sweetie patootie  adarak lassan ke paas. [Just go to your sweetie patootie, ginger garlic]"Okay"

And he left. Just after he left, I start thinking whether I should have stopped him or not.

My sane thought speaks -"Why should you have stopped him? He is just going out with his friend. What's wrong with that?"

My not-so-sane thought interjects - "He just left me here alone, that too when I have an injury, and also everyone else is out."

Sane thought - "Firstly, your injury isn't that big or serious. Secondly, he tended to it before leaving. Also, why do you (me) start acting like a bitch when Ishan gives even a little attention to someone else?"

Not-so-sane thought - "Shut up."

It hasn't been long since he left, and I'm already finding excuses to call him or ask him to return.

Should I say I have a high fever? (Sane thoughts -And what will you do when he will check your temperature? Put onions under your arms?)

Or should I say my leg is hurting badly? (Sane thought returns -Who hammered your leg out of nowhere? You were all right before he left.)

Or should I say I slipped in the bathroom? (Sane thoughts here -Firstly, that's a very lame excuse. And secondly, how would you have reached your phone to call him when you are on the bathroom floor screaming out of pain?)

I decide not to do anything and let him enjoy his time. Yeah, that's how it should be. I can survive on my own. Yeah.

"Hello, Ishan."

Barely 15 minutes later, I called him with a good excuse in my mind, and that excuse isn't even an excuse; it's reality.

"Ishan, what I am saying is that you are out with Mayank. What if the press took pictures and published an article stating that we broke up and now you are dating someone else, i.e., Mayank?"

He chuckles. "What are you saying, Gill?"

"No, but think about it. If that happens, there will be negative PR, and then we'll have to put on some stunt to counter those rumors." I say this with all the seriousness I can gather, but all I receive is another chuckle. BITCH.

"You're thinking too much, Gill. People know Mayank is my best friend. I have a lot of pictures with him on my Insta, so there won't be such rumors. Chill."

Now I am more pissed as I scroll through his Insta and see his picture with Mayank.

*Knock knock*

Siraj Bhai enters the room and sits on the other side of the bed. "How's that?" he asks, pointing toward the injury. "It's fine, it's not hurting that much."

"You have made me feel guilty."

"Don't be. It's my fault that I didn't wear the pads when you asked me to."

"Vaise, why are you sulking? And where is Kishan?"

"He is out with one of his friends," I reply, to which he retorts, "Makes sense!?"

"What makes sense?" I ask, confusedly.

"You being all dull and sulky."

"Huh?"

"I mean, Ishan and you."

"Ishan and I?"

"Umm, don't get me wrong, but sometimes it looks like the relationship you have with him is not just of a teammate or friend."

"Yeah, we are boyfriends," I try to joke, knowing well where this conversation is going.

"Yeah, that... To me, it doesn't look like you two are pretend boyfriends, especially from your side."

I just stare at him, urging him to continue. Whatever he is saying, we never talk this seriously. We always add some humor and sarcasm to the conversation, but right now, whatever he is saying, he is saying with all seriousness, and that's scaring me.

He continues, "The way you look at him and the way you get very gloomy when he is not around you. I mean, don't get me wrong here, maybe it's just me, but I think you have fee--"

"Stop, please stop," I cut him off. My heartbeat increases at his words. I know what he is trying to say, but that's not true. He should not say this. "Please don't say anything further," I plead. I know he is not teasing me here, and I hate it.

He stops and looks at me in the eyes, with a hint of pity in his eyes.

No, no, nope. He is just assuming things. Whatever he is saying or was going to say is not true. (Mf Sane thought from somewhere deep inside my mind:If he is wrong, then why didn't you want to hear what he was going to say?)

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU LIL BITCH!"

Siraj Bhai's face looks confused and offended at the same time, and that's when I realises that I fucked up because I said that aloud.

"Oh my god, no... It wasn't..." I panic, looking at his face that looks so disappointed in me. "No, Siraj Bhai, trust me, it wasn't for you." He didn't say anything. I grab his hand. "Oh my god, please trust me. I was saying that to the little voice in my head. It wasn't for you. Please don't be upset with me."

I might break down right here right now. Firstly, I am physically hurt (emotionally too). Secondly, Ishan left me alone. Thirdly, I haven't had food. Now I say something to Siraj Bhai, which I never imagined saying to him, even in my dreams.

I am very close to crying, and I must be looking very pathetic because Siraj Bhai's expression softens.

"I am sorry. It really wasn't for you. I would never say something like that to you. Please trust me."

I think he is trusting me. He gives me a warm, brotherly hug. "Why are you so silly?" He chuckles a little.

(Sane thought:See, even Siraj Bhai knows that you are silly.)

"Shu----" I stop.

Siraj Bhai breaks the hug. "Is that little voice saying something stupid again?" he asks with a smile. I smile back and nods vigorously .

He asks me for dinner, but I deny him. After making sure that I am good, he leaves the room.

His words linger in my brain, but I decide to focus on a more important thing, and that is, --Why hasn't Ishan returned yet? It's already past 11.

I start pacing in the room, waiting for him. First, I thought to call him, but I decide to go against it; otherwise, Ishan will think I am just disturbing him because I have nothing better to do.

When I get tired because of all the pacing, I sit on the couch.

---

Ishan is hovering over me, and his eyes are looking directly into mine.

Why all this eerily looks like that dream I had the other day, the dream where Ishan kissed me. Am I in a dream again? Will he again kiss me? Will I let him kiss me? As I was contemplating all these thoughts, Ishan jerked back and stood there looking at me.

This ain't a dream. I slept on the couch waiting for him, and now he has returned.

"Uh, umm, I was waking you, but you pulled my hand in your sleep so--" he explains why he was hovering over me.

"Hmmm," I say in a half-sleepy stance. As I sit up on the couch, my stomach growls.

Ishan gives me a questioning look. "You haven't eaten anything yet?"

"No, I wasn't hungry," I lie. I was very much hungry, but my brain was busy thinking about lame ideas.

My stomach growls again.

"I think your stomach is definitely hungry right now."

I should be pissed at him right now, but I don't have the energy to.

"Let's go then; the restaurant might be about to close."He practically drags me to the restaurant area in my shorts and disheveled hair. "Wait, let me at least brush my hair."

"It's almost 12; no one is going to spare a glance at you."

"That's offensive."

The restaurant staff gives us weird looks. Of course, it's their closing time, and out of nowhere, two boys (one in shorts and sleepyhead) arrive to delay their closing time.

Ishan orders for me only because, of course, he had eaten with his childhood bestie Mayank. As I start eating, he starts doing something on his phone, probably posting a picture with Mayank, what else, but then he puts it down pretty quick.

"How was your da------ I mean, did you enjoy today?"

"Yeah.... It was long since we have gone for an outing, if we exclude our little vacation, which I had to cut short and ran back to Delhi."

"Because of the article," I say sharply. And in reply, he just nods.

"And it was because of me," he can hear the self-blame in my tone. "Everything went wrong because of me... if I hadn't asked you to help me... to be my pretend boyfriend..." I am going into self-blame.

I have to stop eating, and he must have seen something in my expression. "Hey, hey... why are you saying all this?" he asks in a soft tone and helps one of my hands with both of his. "Don't blame yourself for anything," he continues. "I myself agreed to help you; you didn't force me or anything," he rubs the back of my hand soothingly.

"And whatever happens after that wasn't anyone's fault. I already told you that I don't blame you for it."

I might cry. Why is he so nice?

Then he ruffles my already unkempt hair with affection, and I can feel a layer of warmth spreading over my chest. I might just melt here.

"And also because of all that, we both become such good friends."

Friends. Yeah. FRIENDS.

~~~

This chapter didn't turn out the way I wanted it to be. I updated because It's been 3 days. So yeah

Also some drama is on the way (hopefully)