•SHUBMAN GILL•

He ruffles my already unkempt hair with affection, and I can feel a layer of warmth spreading over my chest. I might just melt here.

"And also because of all that, we both become such good friends."

Friends. Yeah. FRIENDS.

"Yeah"

I resume eating, and he gets busy with his phone again. A few minutes later, my phone pings with a notification: Ishan has just posted a selfie of himself with Mayank in which Ishan is holding the phone, and Mayank's arm is around Ishan's neck.

I look up from my phone and find Ishan looking at me. He knows I just opened the post he shared, so I feel obliged to like it unwillingly. "Nice selfie," I say, giving him a tight-lipped smile.

When he puts his phone down, I quickly unlike the post. In Rohit bhaiya's language,mera *woh* kare like, jis post mein Ishan uske so-called cHiLdhOoDbEsTeIke saath ho.

We both return to our room. "Did you pack your stuff?" he asks, stopping before the washroom.

"No, the flight is on Monday."

"Check the message in the group; the flight is tomorrow" he says, entering the washroom.

I open the group message, and there it is, the flight to England is tomorrow evening, which was supposed to be on Monday because flights are the busiest after tomorrow, so there were chances of our flight getting cancelled. We have an ODI tri-series with England.

Ishan comes out wearing a loose t-shirt and shorts.

"I was thinking of going home before the England tour, but now it's not possible," he says, removing his wristwatch and putting it on the table.

"Same."

His focus shifts to the bruise on my leg."Has it gotten any better?"

"Hmmm, it didn't hurt until I applied too much pressure on my leg."

"Come here, I will apply some more ointment; it seems to work well."

"Uh ummm, I will apply it myself," I say for the sake of saying it, but either he didn't hear it or pretends that he didn't hear it.

Now, once again, we are in the same position, with me leaning against the headboard with my legs extended and him sitting near my feet applying the medicine over the bruise.

"You know, I've got some inside news," his tone is happy and excited.

"What news?" I ask curiously, taking interest in whatever he has to say.

He crosses his legs and sits comfortably on the bed. "Because we are going there earlier, for the first 3 days we are staying at a different location and will shift on the 4th day because that's when the practice starts."

"Ohhhhhh."

"Yeah, and you know what's more interesting?"

I raise one of my eyebrows, encouraging him to continue. "I heard that it's a beautiful place and we will be allowed to explore it," his voice contains a lot of excitement.

"That's great," I smile.

"Also, it wouldn't be mandatory to go in a group; one can go anywhere they want alone."

"Ouuu so you are planning to hang out there alone?"

"No no, of course you'll be there with me, how can I leave that whiny ass of yours alone," he remarks sarcastically.

"Hey, I don't whine," I say, pretending to be offended. (What is real or un-pretend in your life? Huh?)

"Yes, you don't whine, you actually whine like a 5-year-old kid."

I throw a pillow in his direction, which he catches. He then throws the pillow back at me with double force, hitting me directly in the face. He starts laughing, and for some reason, his laugh sounds melodious to me.

We finally lie on the bed. There is some distance between us, like how we usually sleep every day. He is excitedly telling me about the place we are going to explore. After a while, he puts the phone on the side table and covers both of us with the blanket. My hand accidentally touches one of his under the covers, but he doesn't move his hand, and neither do I. And I know for a fact that he is fully awake right now.

I always find myself cuddling with him in the morning, but right now, this mere touch of hands seems more intimate than anything.

Our hands remain there. I should remove my hand, but I don't want to. It's like touching him makes me feel some kind of reassurance.

It's weird. It's comforting.

---

I open my eyes only to find Ishan looking at me, caught under my grip. I am holding him closely, my hand wrapped around him protectively.

I realize that this is the first time he's seen us like this because all the other times I got up first so he wasn't aware of the cuddling thing but now he does. He might think it's weird or feel awkward. I'm thinking all this when he says, "We should get up; we have packing to do." His tone doesn't suggest any annoyance or awkwardness.

"Uh huh," I say, removing my hand and getting up immediately.

After returning from breakfast, we both start packing our stuff.

I speak awkwardly, "About this morning, I, uh..."

He looks at me confusedly, "Yeah?"

"I mean, how we were, ummm..."

He realizes what I'm talking about, "Oh, don't act like we don't end up like that every morning."

"What?" My eyes widen, almost coming out of their sockets. What he just said make me shik Shak Shock. "...how do you know? I mean, I always wake up before you, so how..."

"Everyday it goes like this: I woke up before you, then found myself in your strong grip. I tried to get out of your grip, I failed, and then I slept again a little more."

I stare at him flabbergasted, my jaw almost touching the ground. I try to say something, but he speaks again, "And this is how I give myself excuses for a little extra sleep."

"Well, thank you for the explanation. My jaw can return to un-flabbergasted position now," I remark, coming out of the shock.

He laughs and says, "Don't act like that. We both know that you are a cuddly person."

"Oii, how can you say this? You also hug me in your sleep."

"Don't make up stuff, Gill."

"Hawww, I'm not making it up. Okay, now I'll record whenever you'll snuggle up to me."

"Okay, meri jaan, whatever helps you sleep at night," he says with a little scoff, then busies himself in packing.

After a long flight and a 2-hour bus journey, we checked into our hotel, and, of course, my room is paired with Ishan's because we are boyfriends (fake boyfriends).

We decide to go out in the evening as we are really tired from the journey.

---

"But first, let's eat somewhere. I am really hungry." We are going to a place which Ishan found online, but before that, we are going to fill our stomachs.

On our way, we find a really aesthetic outdoor cafe, and we decide to eat there. As we both were deciding what to order, a girl who was busy on her phone, looking quite lost, sits in the chair beside me. It seems like she isn't aware of her surroundings, and she doesn't know that she just sat beside a stranger. She looks quite distressed, and Ishan and I both look towards each other, not knowing what to say because we don't want to sound rude.

So, we wait for her to realize it herself. When she does, it takes her a moment to realize that she is sitting with complete strangers. "Oh my god, I am so sorry... I didn't... I didn't realize that-"

~~~

You all must be thinking that they will have a cute little time together there, and they will do cute touristy things...but nah, nah naaah.

•

(Chapter 23: Gill's boyfriend for a reason)