Ishan found Shubman on the pavement outside the club, taking slow, deliberate drags of his cigarette. He was about to give Shubman a piece of his mind for disappearing without a word, but his words caught in his throat when he noticed tears streaking down the other’s face.

“You smoke?” Ishan asked, cautiously standing next to him.

Shubman shook his head, still in a daze. “Just the third time,” he mumbled.

“When did you start?”

Shubman paused to let out a wisp. “After I saw you for the first time in eight months,” he said.

Ishan didn't respond, a knot of guilt tightening in his chest. He remembered ignoring the boy back then, as if he wasn't dying to see him.

Shubman added, “Next was after I kissed a boy for the first time."

He turned to face Ishan, andGod, did he look like a mess.A beautiful mess. Ishan cleared his throat, asking, “What’s the reason today?”

All evening, Shubman had been acting...off. Ishan couldn't quite put his finger on it, but his friend seemed on edge. And then, that happened. Shubman walked out with some guy, and Ishan couldn't help feeling a little uneasy about it.

When Shubman didn't answer, Ishan pressed, “Who was that guy from earlier?”

Shubman shot him a half-hearted smirk; he would have teased Ishan if he wasn't feeling like shit. “I don't know,” he muttered.

"You... and him... you know?" Ishan asked, making vague suggestive gestures with his hands, causing Shubman to scoff.

“You can saykiss, Ishan.”

Ishan’s cheeks flared up in embarrassment. “Right. So–”

“Abhi saw it.”

Ishan’s eyes widened, his mind racing. “Did he say something stupid, I swear–”

“No,” Shubman mumbled. “I’m the stupid one.”

“What happened, Shubi?” Ishan asked softly, his hand gently cupping Shubman’s cheek as he looked into his eyes with concern.

“What if he never talks to me, Ish? I’m not used to living without him. God, he hates me, doesn't he?” Shubman rambled, sniffling in between.

Ishan blinked, wondering what could have possibly happened between the two. But his heart ached seeing Shubman close to tears. Ishan inhaled sharply, diving for his bike keys as he grabbed Shubman's hand and tugged him along.

“W-What are you doing?”

“Why is always one of us running away? “ Ishan grumbled. “I’m not letting you two act like either of you are fine without each other. I need to hear what Abhi has to say since you won't do the honour.”

Shubman looked down, not responding, as he let Ishan steer him along. “I’m sorry, Ish.”

“…”

“Ishan.”

“I think you're saying it to the wrong person.”

Abhishek glared at the framed photo of the three of them in his room, taken on the night before their U-17 final. They had big smiles on their faces, clearly holding in laughter because Ishan probably cracked a joke. He wondered if that was the last time they weretogether. They were still together, but sometimes ‘together’ meant three summers ago, stumbling over tomato gardens and racing past mahoganies.

The final was a turning point in their lives that they couldn't try and undo. Abhishek wanted to at least redo it. Then he would have noticed Ishan slipping into his self-sabotaging habits. Then he would have noticed Shubman’s fidgeting whenever they talked about girls. Then he would have noticed how lonelyhefelt.

Abhishek nearly fell off his bed when the door to his room burst open. “Ish, what the fuck?”

Ishan fell silent, turning his attention to someone behind the door. “Stop hiding and come out right now,” he spoke to the person.

“I am gay–”

“Not that one!”

“Sorry, I’m nervous!”

Abhishek blinked in surprise as a slumped Shubman slowly walked in, his eyes glued to the floor. After a minute of shifting on his feet, he was shoved onto the bed by an irritated Ishan.

Abhishek looked away as Shubman toppled onto the bed next to him. “What do you want?” he asked, turning to Ishan.

“We want to apologize.”

“For what?”

“For being terrible friends?” Ishan offered, after trying to come up with a generalized answer.

Abhishek stared at him before scoffing. “You don't even know what happened.”

Ishan sighed, crouching down next to Abhishek. “I know that you're upset about something.”

“Upset?” Abhishek’s voice came out in a whisper. “I’m hurt, Ishan. I’m in pain and I don't know how to stop it.”

Ishan softened at how fragile Abhishek looked. He slowly reached out to cup Abhishek’s face, gently cradling it. “I’m sorry. I love you. Tell me what happened, please?”

Abhishek fought against crumbling down to his emotions as he pushed Ishan away slowly. “Why don't you ask yourbest friend?” he muttered, causing Shubman to wince.

“I am, aren't I?” Ishan asked, tilting his head in confusion. Abhishek clenched his jaw, remaining silent. Ishan clicked his tongue in realization. “Oh, that's what this is about.”

Abhishek kept staring at the wall, pretending the other two didn't exist.

“It’s not just about today, meri jaan, is it?” Ishan asked softly. He couldn't recall anything recently that could have led to Abhishek reacting like that.

Abhishek hesitated before meeting his eyes. “You’re so fucking mean, Ishan. I hate you.”

Ishan shot him a small smile, about to pull him in for a hug when Shubman burst into tears, almost scaring the other two.

“What the fuck areyoucrying for?” Abhishek hissed.

“Y-You can't h-hate Ish because of me. I’m the worst, hate me instead!” Shubman wailed, tears streaming down his cheeks as he sniffled and hiccupped.

“Okay, I’ll just hate you then,” Abhishek deadpanned.

“No! I don't want you to h-hate me, please,” he sobbed, clinging to Abhishek as if his life depended on it.

“Get off me,” Abhishek grunted, trying to push him away, but Shubman just shook his head furiously. “You're getting snot on my shirt, oh god. I’ll kill you!”

“I’m really sorry,” Shubman exclaimed. “I know I've been an idiot. You've always been there for me, and I couldn't have made it without you. I’m sorry if I ever made you feel like you were any less of a best friend to me than Ishan. I can't imagine my life without either of you. You’re my best friend, Abhi.My star.Please forgive me.”

Abhishek had never been good at holding grudges, especially when it came to someone he loved. So when Shubman cried on his shirt again, just like he had three years ago after Ishan left, Abhishek couldn't bring himself to push him away.

“You were born of love, Abhi,” his mother said, gently stroking his hair as he looked up from her lap. “Your father loved me, and I love you. I hope you’re always around people you love, and if not, I hope you grow to love them. You’ll get hurt and bruised but there's beauty in still smiling. We're briefly on earth, and we are all we have. So, please be forgiving when you can. Please be soft. Please be gentle.”

The world is cruel, therefore I won't be.

The world is cruel, therefore I won't be.

The world is cruel, therefore I won't be.

Abhishek wiped away Shubman’s tears before placing a kiss on his forehead. “It's not okay but it will be,” he said.

Shubman pulled him into a desperate hug, clinging to him tightly. “I love you,” he whispered shakily.

“I love you too,” Abhishek muttered with a smile.

Ishan smiled fondly at his friends before joining the embrace, wrapping his arms around the two of them. “You’re such idiots.”

“Says the one who ghosted us for three years,” Shubman grumbled into Abhishek's shirt, his voice muffled.

“First wipe off your snot, ugly.”

“Who’re you calling ugly?!”

“Do you want a mirror now?”

Abhishek chuckled, watching the two bicker. Shubman let out a dramatic scoff, “Well, you kissed this ugly face so joke's on you.”

He really did have the worst timing. Ishan watched as Abhishek visibly froze, his eyes flickering between the two. “I…..WHAT?”

Ishan winced, moving back. “We were playing truth or dare.”

Abhishek gasped. “Don't you dare lie to me. You’re making that face when you lie!”

Ishan shot Shubman a glare, trying to avoid Abhishek’s paling expression. Shubman caught on, swiftly sandwiching Abhishek’s face between his hands.

“I’ll kiss you too, don't worry!”

“What the hell, get away!” Abhishek yelped, scrambling off the bed, with Shubman giggling as he chased after him.

Ishan took a deep breath, trying to calm his pounding heart. He knew Abhishek wouldn't let it go easily. He'd have to come up with something soon. For now, he laughed as he watched Abhishek scream for help, with an evil dimpled boy hovering over him.

“Behold the smooch of your life!”

“Not on my watch!”Mayank declared as he emerged from a pile of blankets on the next bed.

Ishan blinked. “....He was here the whole time?”

Oh. Abhishek totally forgot about it.

Shubman burst into a fit of giggles as he collapsed next to Abhishek, his eyes fixed on Mayank, who had a SpongeBob shorts wrapped around his head like a turban.

“Rome shall not fall on my watch,” Mayank slurred, raising his imaginary sword.

Ishan reached out to guide Mayank back down. “We’ll save Rome at dawn. Goodnight, Your Majesty.”

He scrunched his nose at the sight of Mayank drooling, shaking his head with a sigh before slipping into bed next to him.

Shubman pouted. “You're not sleeping with us?”

“What are we, kids?” Ishan snorted. “Besides…he'smy best friend too.”

Abhishek smiled, signaling Shubman not to intervene. Shubman nodded with a soft chuckle, wrapping his arms around Abhishek giddily, who promptly removed them with a huff.

Staring at the ceiling in the dim moonlight, Ishan made a silent promise to himself to be a better friend. He couldn't project his insecurities into his friendships, everyone was fighting a battle of their own after all.

Suddenly, he gasped, rather loudly.

“Who’s dead?” Shubman shot up.

“I might have forgotten Aditi at the club,” Ishan said weakly.

Abhishek laughed, “Just his relationship, Shub.”

Why was Ishan so bad at being good? He cursed under his breath as he waited for Aditi. He decided that as soon as she came out, he would get down on his knees and beg her for forgiveness.

“Ishan!”

He looked up at her, noticing her eyebrows knitted in concern. “Are you okay? Is he okay?”

Ishan sighed in relief as she didn't seem to be mad at him. “Who?”

“Shubman.”

Ishan frowned, “How do you know about the fight? Even I didn't.”

“What are you talking about?”

“What areyoutalking about?”

Aditi held his hand, trying to comfort him. “Ish, there’s a photo circulating among the gossipmongers. Someone saw Shubman go into the restroom with a boy.”

Ishan’s heart dropped. “What's the big deal? Can't people go at the same time now?” he managed weakly.

“You know how jobless people are,” Aditi said with a sigh. “They just need drama. Plus, it doesn't help that they were holding hands.”

Ishan looked around, noticing a few eyes on them. Aditi gripped his hand tighter, sensing his discomfort. “I… I don't get it. What's wrong with holding hands?”

Aditi's eyes softened at his pleading voice. “Ignore them, Ish. They're judging without knowing anything.”

“W-Why are people looking at me like that, Adi?”

Aditi paused before saying, “Some asshole thought it would be fun to claim it was you.”

Ishan's eyes widened. “It wasnotme! Even if it was–”

“I know,” Aditi nodded. “It's just convenient gossip to drag the captains into it.”

Ishan’s head hurt. He could feel eyes boring into his back, hear the whispers around him. He hated hearing Shubman’s name from their filthy mouths. He had to stop the fire before it spread. He had to do something.

Something terrible.

Something like kissing Aditi in front of everyone.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:samjh nahi aara mi ki haar ka dukh manau ya ishan ke wc squad mein na hone ka. sach batau toh both were expected for me. im fine with the squad honestly. with so many good players, some are bound to be left out (tho ishan has been snubbed bc of the contract drama rather than his skills). on the bright side, im really happy for yashu, rishabh and yuzi. sanju’s performing very well too so that’s great. koi bhi khele, haarna toh australia se hi hai knockouts mein toh kyu hijhagarrahe sab :)