a/n:a lot of you didn’t get notified yesterday so just a heads-up to check out if you’ve read the last chp since this is its continuation.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

Aditi barely recovered from the kiss when Ishan blurted out, “Slap me.”

“W-What?”

Ishan darted his eyes around before repeating in a whisper, “Come on, just slap me.”

“Why–”

“Please, Aditi.”

She, still in a daze, nodded slowly upon hearing the desperation in his voice. With a mixture of confusion and hesitation, her hand slowly moved forward and then landed on Ishan's cheek.

Ishan could hear a few gasps around them, but his eyes lingered on the water bottle in Aditi's bag. “Now, grab that and splash it on me,” he said, pointing.

“What happened, Ish–”

“Please,” he mumbled, his eyes wide with urgency.

Aditi’s heart clenched as she shakily grabbed her water bottle. Her eyes locked with his as she twisted open the cap. Ishan shot her a weak smile, staying still as everyone pulled out their phones to record the scene.

Oh.

Aditi hesitated for a moment, her grip tightening around the bottle. She remembered something she had read:"In love, you are selfless."With that thought, she finally emptied the bottle over his head.

Louder gasps followed and the clicks intensified as people watched water drip down Ishan’s hair, soaking his clothes.

“Leave me,” Ishan whispered.

Aditi knew he meant for her to leave him just for the moment, but she felt tears brimming in her eyes. “Yeah,” she managed a small smile. “I will. Or you might never really find love.”

Ishan's heart ached as he watched her smile, but he resisted the urge to follow her. He allowed people to record him, giving them the gossip that should keep them talking for at least a week.

As long as Shubman’s secret was safe.

Ishan got used to the stares and whispers by the end of the day. He even flipped off a few people for good measure.

“Heard you got dumped, Kishan?”

Ishan sighed inwardly as he recognized the owner of the voice. He turned with a bright smile. “Heard your girlfriend fucked the football team, Rohan?”

Rohan clenched his jaw, his lips curving with anger. "You think you're funny."

Ishan just shrugged. “I would love to stay and chat, but you know, one of us has to win matches.”

Rohan’s fists clenched by his sides as he inched closer to Ishan. “You’re asking for it today,bitch,” he threatened, or at least tried to.

Ishan barely spared an eye-roll when he got shoved against the wall. He could end this before it began with an uppercut, but he would rather not get suspended few months before graduation. Instead, he smirked at Rohan.

“Still mad you couldn't even make it to the state?” he teased.

Rohan snarled, his face contorted with rage as he lunged forward, though he punched the wall instead in frustration. Ishan didn't bat an eye.

"Must be sad to be so pent-up. Maybe ask your girlfriend?” Ishan taunted mockingly. “Oops, too bad she's busy in the streets.”

“Fuck it, you're dead today,” Rohan hissed, his knuckles white as he grabbed Ishan's shirt and reeled him in. His fist collided with Ishan's jaw, the impact sending Ishan staggering backward. He could taste blood in his mouth for a second.

“Ah, fuck,” Ishan grunted as he spat. “Motherfucker, you think this is a movie?”

Rohan stood back, jutting his chin out. He pulled out his phone, showing the photo from last night. It wasn't even Ishan in the picture, but the implication was enough to make him feel sick to his stomach.

“Still got any balls or did you chop them off to be with that ***?”

That's when Ishan lost it. His eyes shot up in fury, and before he realized it, he had swung his fist, landing a solid punch squarely on Rohan's face.

Shubman was really worried about Ishan. First, he woke up to the news of his best friend apparently getting publicly dumped. Then, he couldn't find the boyanywhere. He wasn't even picking his calls or replying to his texts. The strangest thing was that he missed practice. Ishan never missed practice.

Shubman felt angry as he watched the video. It feltpersonal. How could Aditi do that to Ishan? He was going to talk to her, there was no other way. She could not get away with hurting his best friend like that.

When he finally saw Aditi, she looked...normal. That pissed Shubman off. She didn't deserve to sit around in peace while Ishan was probably off somewhere blaming himself.

“What are you playing at?” Shubman asked bluntly, not bothering to beat around the bush.

Aditi turned to him calmly. “Have you talked to him?”

“I would, if he wasn't fuckingmissing,” Shubman sneered. “What did he do to deserve that, Aditi? Didn't take you for a bitch.”

“It's not my place to say anything,” she muttered, averting her gaze.

“I need answers.” Shubman clenched his jaw, leaning in closer. “Because I have no idea where Ishan is and what he's doing to himself. Do you know how fucked up his head is?”

“Go to hell, Shubman. His head is not fucked up,” Aditi snapped. “Have you ever reallytalkedto him? Asked him what he's so afraid of? You think you know him so well, Shubman. But you don't.”

“Andyoudo?”

“God, Shubman, it's not about youorme! It's about Ishan.” Aditi ran her fingers through her hair exasperatedly. “I care about him–”

“You don't humiliate someone you care about like that,” Shubman scoffed in disbelief. “Tell me, what did he do? Is it because he left you at the club yesterday? Just because you had to go back alone for once? Can you notbreathewithout his attention?”

“You're one to say," she gritted before turning away.

“Yeah, walk away!” Shubman jeered. “Like a fucking coward. You don't deserve him anyway.”

Aditi stopped in her tracks, clenching her fists. “Andyoudo?” she asked, turning back to face him.

“What?” Shubman scowled. “Where do I fit into this equation?”

“You think I’m blind like both of you?”

“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

Aditi stepped closer, her gaze steady as she looked up at him. “He asked me to do that.”

“What?”

“Whatever happened in the video, he asked me to do it. He wanted people to record him.”

Shubman stared at her, incredulous. “Do you take me for an idiot? Why would he want people to talk about him?”

“So that people don't talk aboutyou!So thatyourcarelessness doesn't getyouin trouble. So thatyoudon't have to hear anything remotely hurtful while he will happily be the jester. All foryou,” Aditi retorted, her voice trembling. “You do know that Ishan’s name was dragged into the messyoumade last night, right?”