•SHUBMAN GILL•

"But first, let's eat somewhere. I am really hungry." We are going to a place which Ishan found online, but before that, we are going to fill our tummy.

On our way, we find a really aesthetic outdoor cafe, and we decide to eat there. As we both were deciding what to order, a girl who was busy on her phone, looking quite lost, sits in the chair beside me. It seems like she isn't aware of her surroundings, and she doesn't know that she just sat beside a stranger. She looks quite distressed, and Ishan and I both look towards each other, not knowing what to say because we don't want to sound rude.

So, we wait for her to realize it herself. When she does, it takes her a moment to realize that she is sitting with complete strangers. "Oh my god, I am so sorry... I didn't... I didn't realize that...." she says in a thick English accent.

She starts to get up, and as I look around, I notice that all the other tables are occupied, so I stop her, saying, "It's okay. If you want to, you can sit here; the other tables are occupied anyway."

She gives a quick look around and then awkwardly sits back in her chair. She types something on her phone and sighs, her body language indicating that she is tense about something.

Ishan notices as well, "I shouldn't ask, but are you okay? You seem quite worried about something."

She glances towards Ishan, perhaps contemplating whether she should tell us or not.

After a long silent moment, she buries her face in her palms, sighs again, and in a low voice, she says, "I am getting married tomorrow. My parents arranged the marriage without my consent."

"So you don't want to get married?"

"Actually, I have a boyfriend, but he doesn't live here. I tried telling my parents about him, but they think I am just making up stuff to avoid getting married."

"Why don't you just run away?" I try being practical but failed.

The girl gives me a look which basically translates into:are you stupid or something?

"I can't do that to my parents. I just can't run away like that." She says again burying her face in her palms

"But what are you going to do then? They'll marry you off to someone else tomorrow," Ishan inquires softly.

She looks down dejectedly and whispers, "I don't know."

"Why don't you ask your boyfriend to show up before your parents? Then they'll believe that your boyfriend actually exists and you are not just making it up," I suggest, providing the obvious solution.

She grimaces, "He was supposed to come today, but his flight got cancelled. Now he is coming tomorrow, and when his flight lands, I would have been married by then."

Ishan and I both look at each other, not knowing what to say.

She puts her head on the table and starts hitting it lightly in frustration. Suddenly, she sits straight and moves her head to her left to look at Ishan and then to her right to look at me. I can see the light bulb going off in her head as her eyes gleam. "I have an idea," she says, getting excited, "but I need your help."

"What kind of help?" Ishan questions.

"I will tell, but please tell me you guys are going to help me," she pleads with her big blue eyes.

We assure her that we will do whatever we can in order to help her, and she proceeds to voice her idea to us. "Okay, so as I told you, my boyfriend is going to land around 4 pm, and the event is supposed to happen before 4 pm. So, if someone manages to distract everyone until my boyfriend arrives there, then I won't have to marry then."

"And how are we supposed to help in this?" asks Ishan.

"By distracting everyone," she replies.

We both look at each other, confused.

"How?" We both speak at the same time.

"Ummm," she looks above, trying to think of something, and then says, "yeah... what if one of you comes there at the time of marriage and pretends as if you were dating me and I am cheating on you by marrying someone else... like creat drama there." She pauses for a second and then continues, "Or better, one of you comes in groom's attire and claims that I promised to marry you... the drama will definitely delay the ceremony, and by that time, he'll arrive, and after that, I'll tell my parents everything."

"But you can ask a friend of yours to help you with this," I tell her.

"I can't. My parents know my friends, and if any one of them is going to do it, my parents will know that it's just an act."

She clasps both her hands and asks again, "So, are you guys going to help me?" She is looking at us with lots of expectations in her eyes.

Ishan glances towards me, and we both give each other a quick nod.

"Is there any chance that your family or friends being interested in cricket?" asks Ishan, just to confirm, because what if someone recognizes us there? It will be a big trouble for us.

She is a little baffled by the randomness of Ishan's question but replies anyway, "No, why?"

"Um, nothing. We will help you." As soon as the words leave my mouth, relief washes over her face, and she visibly relaxes in her chair.

"I should tell all this to my boyfriend. Wait a minute," she says, excusing herself to make the call.

"Are we doing the right thing?" I ask Ishan, feeling very skeptical about the whole situation.

"I think so. We assured her to help her, and also, no one is going to recognize us there," he says, then relaxes back in the chair and with a confident expression says, "Also, you can't expect epic shit from basic people." I chuckle looking at him, but inside I am not so confident about all this, but I don't have any choice now.

She returns after a while and announces, "Let's go."

"Where?" I ask.

"To buy the groom's attire," she says excitedly.

I look between her and Ishan. "Do we really have to go all out?"

"Yes, if we are doing this, let's do this properly," she says, squealing a little as if she is way too happy to execute her idea with full blown preparation.

After half an hour, we found ourselves in a showroom with Ellisa. It's her name that we got to know on our ride to the showroom.

After lots of debate, it's been decided that I'll be the main character in the whole act, which means I'll be the one making the dramatic entry into the wedding hall.

Ellisa handed me a black wedding tuxedo to try on, and when I draw the curtain, revealing myself in that tuxedo, I see Ishan sitting on the couch. When he looks up, his eyes scan me from head to toe, and then his gaze fixes on my face. I see something in his eyes, a shine, as if he is in some kind of trance. Even though his expressions are stoic, his eyes are saying something else.

"You are looking perfect," Ellisa exclaimed, which breaks Ishan's trance.

I give Ishan a pointed look to ask how I'm looking, and instead of saying anything, he just nods.Did I just leave you speechless with my charming looks, huh?

After purchasing the attire and shoes, as we are leaving the showroom, I see a black satin button-down shirt on a mannequin. I pull the fabric of Ishan's t-shirt to stop him as he was a little ahead of me and gesture towards the mannequin.

"You want to buy it?" he asks me.

"Yes, for you."

"No."

"Yes."

"Nooo."

"Why?"

"I already have lots of shirts."

"But look at this, it will look good on you."

"I am not going to buy it... let's go."

He goes out of the showroom, but I end up purchasing the shirt, FOR HIM.

---

As we enter the hotel, Surya Bhai, Shreyas, and Siraj Bhai have just returned from somewhere, and when they see the clothing bags, they ask, "You guys went shopping?"

First, we decided not to tell them anything, but we end up telling them everything.

"I want to see the drama unfold before my eyes," says Surya Bhai with the excitement of a 5-year-old boy who just got chocolates.

"Me too," chimes Shreyas.

"Same," Siraj Bhaialso joins.

"Nooooo, you can't come." Ishan exclaims

"What if you mess up something, so we will be there to help, right?" Reasons Surya Bhai.

"But you can't just crash someone's wedding." I interject.

"Then ask this girl to invite us," Surya Bhai says proudly giving the unasked solution.Ishan shakes his head. "Such national-level cricketers literally want an invitation to weddings so they can see drama. Tch tch tch."

"More like help in the drama?" says Shreyas with a toothy grin, being all excited.

With some more debate, it's been decided that they'll come along with me and Ishan.

To help? Nah.To enjoy the drama? Yes.

---

We make the most of our remaining time today by exploring a few places, and the experience was pleasant. Now, I am sitting on the bed using my phone while Ishan is taking a shower. Our room is dimly lit, with only the night bulb on.

Suddenly, I hear something: a creepy sound followed by the sound of something shattering. It's coming from the balcony of our room. Our room has an attached balcony with glass sliders that are slightly ajar, allowing a gust of wind to enter the room and make the curtains flutter before I can make sense of the situation.

I hear it again-a low, creepy hum that lasts merely for five seconds.

"What the heck!" I shout, quickly getting under the covers to protect myself from whatever is trying to scare me. (A small voice in my head chimes in: Seriously? Getting under the covers for protection? Isn't that what kids do? Who let you grow up?)

Hearing my shout, Ishan peeks out from the bathroom. "Why did you shout?"

"I heard something-something creepy. It probably came from the balcony," I say, peeking out from under the covers.

"Wait a minute," he says and closes the door again. The curtains on the sliders flutter again in the breeze, casting eerie shadows across the room. I panic. "Ishaaan!" I shout his name, my heartbeat going haywire.

I catch a glimpse of the outside view through the gap in the curtains, and what looked beautiful just a few hours ago now seems creepy to me.

"Ishan, you've got to come here! There's something on the balcony!"

A minute later, he emerges from the bathroom, towel draped over his shoulder and a mischievous grin on his face. "What's got you spooked? You've been watching too many horror movies."

"No, seriously, I heard something... It could be a ghost or..." I say sheepishly.

Ishan rolls his eyes playfully. "Ghosts don't exist."

"But I definitely heard something-a really creepy sound."

"Okay, let me check then." Before he can go any further, I stretch out my hand and hold his. "No, don't go there."

"Come on, at least let me check," he insists.

I tighten my hold. "No, no, no."

"Okay, let me close the sliders properly, otherwise it will spook you again," he says with a chuckle, closing the sliders and drawing the curtains properly to block the outside view.

After drying his hair, he settles himself on the bed while I keep looking towards the balcony, fearing another creepy sound. Ishan notices this and says, "You're getting creeped out by probably nothing."

I look at him and without saying anything, slide closer to him, still leaving some gap between us. Sensing my intention, Ishan spreads his arm, and without wasting a second, I put my head over his arm, and he wraps his hand around me protectively, giving me the excuse to snuggle more into him, wrapping my hand over his chest.

For a moment, I forget about my fear, feeling only a warm, fuzzy sensation spreading inside me-the comfort I feel under his embrace.

"Sleep," he says, gently placing his palm over my eyes, thinking I might be looking towards the balcony again. But who's going to tell him? I'm looking at his face. His beautiful face which is looking very kissab-- SHUT UP.

And just like that, we both sleep nestled together, like two peas in a pod.

---

The next morning

"Ishan, I'm really scared now."

"Of ghosts?"

"No... I'm scared that we'll end up messing up the whole 'shaadi rukwao' thing."

"What could possibly go wrong?"

(A LOT, APPARENTLY. YOUR FEELINGS CAN GET MESSED UP.)

~~~

The credit of last part goes to this bunch :