Ishan didn't notice when his friend walked in with coffee. He rather seems lost in thought barely paying attention to his surroundings. He's absentmindedly looking at the phone screen in his hand and that isn't until Mayank clears his throat rather loudly that Ishan raises his head he looks confused for a moment.

"How many times have you read that 'can we talk?' Text?" Mayank observes motioning to the device in his hand.

Ishan opens his mouth to respond but Mayank raises his hand and jerks his head to the side saying "Wait I don't even want to know"

"You're so fucking annoying" Ishan rolls his eyes.

"What a coincidence I get the same feeling for you" Mayank says with a fake smile on his face.

"And here I thought you were in love with me" Ishan huffs.

Ishan stares as Mayank slowly walks over to the bed where he's sitting. His lips curved into a pleasant smile that quickly dropped when he felt a bonk on his head.

"Why the fuck-" Ishan cries.

"Let me get that alcohol out of your head you're still drunk" Mayank tries to shush him holding his head in place ready to hit again.

"I'll fucking punch you if you hit me again" Ishan snaps.

Maynak backed a bit before having the last hit and ran shouting "Get out of bed first loser!"

Provoked Ishan tries to get out of bed with a big step but to his unfortunate luck his feet get tangled in the blanket making him fall face first with a thud.

Mayank stops to look back at what had happened.

"Serves you right" He can't help but laugh at the sight of his best friend groaning on the floor.

But the fall did not stop Ishan from getting up and running after Mayank now even more angry.

.

.

.

.

.

The room falls silent after the fistfight with Ishan having the last hit.

"You know Ishan I think you should go and have a talk with him" Mayank mutters breaking the silence as he takes the seat beside Ishan.

"Why do you think so?" Ishan questions confused at the way Mayank started this series talk out of nowhere.

"Communication is the key?" Mayank pauses to think a bit "Well communication is the key until manipulation comes and it becomes the lock which keeps you locked in"

Ishan Presses his lips into a thin line. "What if I get locked?"

"Then come talk to me I know what's best for you" Mayank pulls Ishan into a tight hug.

"Are you sure you're not in love with me?" Ishan tease.

Mayank scoffs before pushing Ishan back to inspect his head. "Was it my punch or the fall that took a hard blow on your head?"

"Come on not even a little bit?" Ishan teased again.

"Whatever it was I think it broke you" Mayank stands up "Grab your stuff we're going to the physiotherapist it's getting serious now."

"It's neurologists who do brain checkups, not a physiotherapist you dumb fuck" Ishan argues.

"Still you fall with your whole body let's visit a physiotherapist first" Mayank replies trying to defend himself.

.........☆☆☆.......

Even with his best efforts in trying to escape the physiotherapist Ishan sits in the clinic with mew found shoulder swelling and back pain waiting for Maynak to be finished with his checkup as well.

He stayed seated in the waiting room for a good 20 minutes until he felt a tap on his shoulder.

"You remember me right?" A guy with a bright smile speaks as Ishan looks up from his phone screen.

"Of course, I do Abhishek" With a hesitant smile Ishan replies.

"Here for the regular checkup?" Abhishek asks smile never leaving his face.

"No" Ishan chuckled "It's a bit embarrassing but I fell down the bed this morning"

"Bet it was Shubman who pushed you" Abhishek says with confidence.

That was when Ishan got to know about how Abhishek had no idea What went down. And maybe Abhishek and Shubman aren't as close now as they used to be, and maybe he's the reason behind it.

"No, I got tangled and fell" Ishan sighs "Anyways how have you been Abhishek?"

"I've been doing good, I think we should hang maybe go out for a drink or something it's been so long since I last met you" Abhishek says taking his phone out and handing it to Ishan.

Ishan looks at him in confusion "Your number?" Abhishek speaks.

"Ohh" Ishan nodded as he took the phone and quickly typed in his number.

"Alrighty sees you man I'm kinda in a hurry" Abhishek says before giving Ishan a side hug and leaving.

"Guess did I just bumped into" Ishan says when Mayank walks in minutes later.

"Who?"

"Abhishek"

"Abhishek as in Shubman's best friend?" Mayank asked deadpanned earning a glare from Ishan.

"I mean his other best friend" he tries to correct his mistake but the glaring just gets intense.

"H-his friend" he sighs finally getting the right term.

........☆☆☆.......

Ishan grimaces as soon as they walk into the club, the unfamiliar scents and the smell of sweat all mixed make his nose twitch in disgust.

A week had passed since he met Abhishek in the clinic he had been receiving texts from him here and there.

Ishan walks behind Mayank and Abhishek as they cut through the crowd. It was Mayank who asked him for a club night which he couldn't say no to.

"What do you want to drink?" Maynak asks as they take the seat in the empty corner.

"Anything that could get me over that smell" Ishan whines.

Mayank does not even respond to Ishan's whines instead he looks around to scanning the crowd for something or rather someone.

Only two drinks in Ishan's eyes are trying to find something familiar. A few minutes later Ishan's gaze is drawn to a woman standing a few feet away from him with her friends. She's wearing that grey bodycon dress that hugs her body in all the right places that deep neckline shows her cleavage nicely leaving no room for imagination. But all those factors aren't the reason why Ishan can't take his eyes off her he's not even into boobs to begin with. It's the dimples that appear on her cheeks with the slightest movement of her lips that's what got him hooked.

Unbidden Ishan thinks about Shubman, if he were right here now he would have ordered the most unfamiliar drink to try on and then whine and shit-talk about that drink if it didn't suited his taste buds. He would have those dimples appearing on his face when Ishan would offer him his drink instead.