Ishan was more confused than heartbroken as he watched Shubman leave. He wanted to call out, stop him, but his throat felt parched. Was this how Shubman had felt whenheleft? Why was everyone always leaving in this story? Where were they going?

After seconds of staring into the hallway, as if hoping Shubman would suddenly reappear, he finally remembered to breathe.

“Why does it feel like I just got… rejected?” he mumbled.

Aditi let out an amused huff. “Does that mean you were about to confess?”

Ishan looked back at her, realizing what he had said. His cheeks flushed in embarrassment. “W-What? No, I was just talking about the general… aura of the situation.”

Aditi sighed, making him drape his arm around her neck for support. “Okay, hero, let’s get you some first-aid.”

Ishan winced as he pushed himself onto his feet. “I’m sorry I involved you in this shit,” he said, a hint of sadness in his tone.

“Hm. You do have quite a lot to be sorry about, Ish,” she teased.

A silence settled between them, the cool evening breeze kissing Ishan's bruises as they walked down the hallway. He hesitated for a moment before speaking again. "I didn't lie to you. I really did like you," he admitted softly.

“I know.” Aditi smiled before looking away. “But you didn't love me.”

There was a pause before Ishan whispered, “I couldn't.”

It's as if his soul didn'tallowhim to. It had known all along, long before he did, what it meant to really love someone. There was no sudden epiphany, no dramatic realization. It wasn't a matter of love at first sight or anything of that sort. Instead, it was familiarity. Like:“Oh, it's you. I’m glad it's you.”

“It's okay,” Aditi chuckled. “People act like it's the end of the world when someone doesn't love you back.”

“Is it not?” Ishan asked weakly, glancing at her.

Aditi hummed. “Would you give up cricket if you lost an important match?”

“No,” Ishan replied, scrunching his nose. “I mean, I would be sad, but I don't play cricket with any expectations. I play because I love it.”

“I, too, didn't love you in hopes of you returning it,” Aditi said with a warm smile.

Ishan gulped, feeling like he would turn into water if he looked at her any longer. “I’m sorry,” was all he could say.

“I am not.”

“What?”

“I am not sorry for loving you. Don't make me feel like I should be. Don't look at me like I’m a tragedy.”

Ishan nodded, reaching to place a light kiss on the crown of her head. “I’ll always be there for you, Adi.”

“I know.” Aditi cracked a genuine smile, leading him into the infirmary.

Maybe that's what it was; sometimes you meet people and things don't work out, but that doesn't mean they have to leave. Or you have to leave. For Ishan, living under the same sky as Aditi was enough.

For Aditi, wishing to meet Ishan again in another life was enough.

“Your taste in men is questionable though,” Aditi said when she walked Ishan to his dorm.

Ishan spluttered, his cheeks warming with embarrassment. "W-What are you talking about?”

Aditi shot him an unimpressed look. “Really? After calling him your moon?Really, Ish?”

“I said that out loud?” Ishan squeaked. “He didn't hear it, right?”

Aditi rolled her eyes, sighing. “Good night, Ishan.”

“Adi,” he called out with a small smile, his eyes reflecting hope. “We are…”

Aditi met his gaze with a soft smile. “Friends,” she replied without any hesitation.

“KILL ME! KILL ME RIGHT NOW!”

Yashasvi stared at his roommate. “Do I get to be the Captain then?”

Shubman ignored him, continuing to kick the punching sack. “I’m gonna jump. That's right, gonna flip off the terrace.”

“The terrace is closed at night,” Yashasvi said, glancing at the time.

Shubman glared at him. “You're getting benched in the next game!”

Yashasvi snorted. “Your season’s over, Cap. We lost toSummit, remember?”

“Don't take that name,” Shubman hissed, flopping on his bed.

It was safe to say that he was having an existential crisis. He couldn't shake the image from his mind: Ishan, with a bloody nose and bruised face, smiling softly at him. It seemed like if he spoke any more, Shubman would have cried. Whatever his next words were going to be, Shubman couldn't have bore the weight of them.

So, he ran away. As if they were in a fucking chick-flick. As if they would never have to meet again. As if he could live without seeing Ishan.

He let out an exasperated groan, then glanced at Yashasvi, who was still staring at him. “What?” he asked pointedly.

“You’re gay.”

“At least make it sound like a question!”

Shubman sighed. It was only for so long his teammates could pretend to not have a whiff of the rumours. However, he didn't expect Yashasvi to be the first one to bring it up.

He glanced nervously at the boy. “Um, do you think it's… weird?”

He wouldn't suddenly kick Shubman out of their room, right? Well, he couldn't. Shubman was his senior after all.

Yashasvi munched on his granola bar nonchalantly. “Do you think I give a fuck about you?”

Shubman smiled. After two years of living with the guy, he knew it meant:“I won’t judge you.”

“Right,” he cleared his throat. “But I’m kind of in a fix right now.”

Yashasvi, though looking disinterested, asked, “What happened?”

Shubman wasn't sure where to start. Everything in his life was tied to Ishan for some reason. He sighed, “The bottom-line is that we haven't been talking, me and Ishan.”

“What did you do?”

“Bad Yashu!” Shubman threw a pillow at him, which he promptly dodged. “I didn't do anything. I just ran away.”

“Huh? From where?”

“Well, you know… responsibility?”

Yashasvi blinked. “So you fought.”

“Not exactly,” Shubman winced. “He fought with someone. For me.”

“I don't see the problem. Wouldn't you have done the same for him?”

“Yeah, but,” Shubman bit his lip. “He got hurt because of me. I…”

He let out a frustrated grunt, staring at his own hands. “Someone always gets hurt because of me. Be it Ishan, or Abhishek, or my dad, or my team.”

“Well, that escalated quickly,” Yashasvi muttered. He cleared his throat before looking at the other. “Look, I’m not really good at this, and I don't know what to say about your current situation. But I do know that you’ve never let our team down. You're the best captain we could've asked for. Um, thanks for taking me to the finals.”

Shubman stared at him, feeling an odd feeling of warmth wash over him. He was used to Yashasvi’s cold and curt replies, not whatever this was. So he let out a deliberate whistle. “Yashu, I didn't know you were such a softie!”

Yashasvi let out a sound closer to a growl (not beating the tsundere cat allegations) as his cheeks flushed. “Drop dead,” he said before throwing a pillow at the other.

Shubman chuckled as he flopped down on the bed again. Maybe he needed to spend more time with his own team. He should learn that from Ishan; it wasn't him or Abhishek who brought back the light in Ishan. You don't always get comfort from the people you want it from.

Who knows? Maybe Virat could be a good love guru. Not that Shubman needed any love advice, certainly not any concerning his best friend.

"I think you two are in love," Virat said, casually popping a grape into his mouth.

Shubman shot him a flat look. “I want solutions, not more complications.”

“That's exactly what’s complicating your situation, though.”

Shubman sighed, turning to Rahul. “What do you think I should've done?”

Rahul shrugged. “Not run away, maybe. What's the most he could've said?”

"I don't know! It was like looking at the sun directly. I just couldn't stand there and pretend like nothing had changed between us.”

“What changed?” Druv asked, narrowing his eyes.

Shubman darted his eyes around nervously. “Um, you know, us. Things happened between us–”

“Whatthings?” Dhruv pressed.

Shubman felt his face getting warmer at the memory of kissing Ishan. “Nothing much…”

“Did you fuck him?” Shreyas chimed in, causing Yashasvi to cover Dhruv’s ears.

“NO!” Shubman’s heart almost jumped out at the thought.

“Didhefuck you?” Kuldeep offered.

“God, no! What is wrong with you guys?” Shubman exclaimed, looking terrified.

Virat hummed, stroking his stubble. “But you didsomething, didn't you?”

Shubman rubbed the back of his neck, feeling embarrassment crawling up his bones. “We might have k-kissed.”

Everyone gasped. Shubman groaned, “Oh, come on! As if you guys weren't just suggesting worse.”

Virat grinned mischievously. “Ishan and Shubman, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G. First come love, then comes marriage–”

“Shut up,” Shubman whined. “You guys are useless.”

Shami, who had been quiet, finally spoke. “So you like him?”

Shubman’s eyes widened. “I- don’t- can’t- I mean. God, I don't know!”

“Why’d you kiss him then, idiot?” Yashasvi said, rolling his eyes.

“Hekissed me first, the first time.”

“First time?” Shreyash quirked an eyebrow. “There was a second?”

“And a third,” Shubman muttered under his breath.

Virat giggled. “Ishan and Shubman sitting in a tree–”

“SHUT UP!”

Shreyash looked at Shubman, shooting him a sympathetic glance. “Chances are, either you like him, or you saw him as a sexual gratification.”

Shubman frowned. “I would never– I think we were both just trying to get a rise out of each other. Since we wereenemiesat the time, that could have been one way to rile each other up…?”

“Even I wouldn't believe that,” Shami mumbled.

“It happens in movies, doesn't it?” Shubman asked, pleading for anyone to agree with him.

Yashasvi scoffed. “Yeah and they end up together,moron.”

Rahul rested a comforting hand on Shubman's shoulder. “Look, people respond to their feelings in different ways. You can accept them and live your truth, or you can deny them and call it a day.Oryou can accept them and still not act on them. What is it that bothers you about the idea of liking him?”

Shubman sighed, tugging at his hair. “I mean, it'sIshan. We've grown together, seen each other at our best and worst. Our friendship has always been so… intense. I’m afraid of knowing how much more it can get if we, you know. It isoverwhelming.”

“I smell commitment issues,” Yashasvi whispered before Dhruv smacked him.

“No,” Shubman grunted. “I just… I don't know. It's like I didn't expect him to actually like me–”

“Hold up,” Dhruv said. “Did he say he likes you?”

“Well, he… um.”

Everyone stared at him expectantly.

“.... did not.”

Virat burst out laughing first, the others following suit. “That's embarrassing,” Yashasvi said.

Shubman blushed furiously. “I can't explain it to you guys! It's the way he waslookingat me. Sometimes you just know, alright?”

“What are you, a middle schooler?” Kuldeep snickered.

Shubman bit the inside of his cheek. Was he really being delusional? He wasn't a complete idiot to not realize how they had crossed the boundary of friendship more than once. He knew Ishan wouldn't do that to just any friend; he wasn't that kind of person.  Why did they have to be so close? The lines were so blurry, they might as well not exist.

Rahul smiled at him, as if trying hard not to pity him. “Do youwanthim to like you?”

Shubman’s mouth gaped a little. “I- I don't know. Probably not.”

“Wouldn’t you mind if he dated someone else then?” Virat asked, crossing his arms.

“He’s already dating Aditi.”

“Didn't he get dumped?”

Shubman winced at the memory, a knot of guilt tightening in his chest. “That was just an act–”

"They broke up," Yashasvi declared suddenly, showing his phone. "Rishabh bhai just texted me.”

Shubman gulped. Virat nudged him with a knowing smirk, “What a coincidence, isn't it?”

His heart started racing for whatever reason. “Whatever. I’m not seeing him until graduation anyway,” he muttered.

Yashasvi grinned as his eyes remained on his screen. “Oh, sweet! Apparently they have a practice game with us next month.”

That was two months before graduation. Virat slung an arm around Shubman, smirking. “Looks like cupid’s got different plans, buddy.”

Shubman wanted to kill himself.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:the last line is same as in first chp, from ishan’s pov. life comes a full circle after all.

just realized i hadn’t really written about the meridian boys. wow, how did we survive w/o virat for so long? anyways, i wasshookethat the amount of hate yash-shub got during the eng test series. weirdest part was the ishman shippers hating on yash. for what, being good at what he does? sometimes i feel like people forget there is actual cricket beyond all the silly shipping. that boy has struggled so much in life and im very proud of him to be in the wc squad. you can support your favs w/o dragging others lmao.