As the summer heat gently seeped through the cracks of the old sheds and cicadas rose to their full glory, Ishan learned to get a hold of his feelings which trickled down his chest, settling warmly in the pit of his stomach, like the clouds in the clear blue skies.

Summer dissolved in his mouth, and he, in love.

Staying away from Shubman wasn't as hard as Ishan had imagined. He was still getting used to the idea of loving his best friend in a way he had missed out on for so many years. So, if he caught himself daydreaming about Shubman once in a while, well, no one had to know.

With graduation edging closer, he was busy recruiting new players for the cricket club and trying to decide on a new captain to recommend to the coach. He kept himself busy, but at night, he couldn't resist the pull of the moon that would draw his thoughts to a certain dimpled boy.

He missed Shubman, that was undeniable. But he also felt a twinge of bashfulness at the thought of facing him. What would he even say? It wasn't like anything had happened, yet at the same time, it felt like everything had. He couldn't expect Shubman to understand; after all, he was the dumbest one in their trio. But talking to Abhishek felt equally embarrassing.

So, he turned to Mayank instead,gentlypeeling off the bandaid. “Do you think it's possible to fall in love with your best friend after years of just being friends?”

Mayank licked his popsicle thoughtfully before sighing. “I’m flattered, Ish. But I like someone else.”

Ishan shot him a flat look before the words sank in. “Wait, you like someone?” he exclaimed, catching Mayank in a headlock. “How dare you not tell me this before?”

Mayank grunted, trying to push Ishan away. “What a hypocrite! Why didn't you tell me about Shubman–”

“Who said anything about Shubman?” Ishan let him go with a huff. “Pehle tu bata,who's the unlucky girl?”

"Who's unlucky? What are you two talking about?" Abhishek asked, flopping on the grass next to them.

Mayank quietly returned to eating his popsicle as Ishan scoffed. “The girl he likes,” he said, pointing at the other.

Abhishek looked at Mayank (who promptly avoided his gaze) before absentmindedly plucking a few strands of dandelions from the grass, twirling them between his fingers. “Oh,” he muttered. “Unlucky indeed.”

Ishan frowned at the silence that followed. “Anyways, I have a problem,” he spoke first. “Shubman dipped on me. Kind of.”

Abhishek groaned, “What is it with you two? Give me a break!”

“It's not my fault,” Ishan defended himself. “You know how he ran away that day, and he hasn't called or texted since.”

Abhishek sighed. “Itisodd. He can't live a day without your attention.”

Ishan’s cheeks flushed a little. “Apparently, he can. It's been three weeks now.”

“Good for you that we’re going to see them next weekend,” Mayank said.

“What's good about that?” Ishan scoffed as he got up, avoiding any further questions.

Ishan was about ready to knock some sense into that pole. He had his reasons for not reaching out, but why was Shubman avoiding him? Ishan thought it was just another one of Shubman's distant phases, something he got into sometimes. They were random and shouldn't be taken personally. But now, Shubman was blatantly ignoring his existence. Scowling to himself, Ishan pulled out his phone and stared at the unanswered texts he had sent over the past few weeks.

youare you ok?

you really left?did something happen?it’s been a weekwhat is up you’re scaring meseen toh kar madarchoddid i do something?gaand mara bhai

He loved Shubman, but God, was he fucking annoying? Ishan had gotten used to the radio silence after two weeks, deciding he would rather confront him head-on.

Abhishek cleared his throat, glancing at Mayank. “Who is it?” he asked.

Mayank blinked. “Huh?”

“The girl you like.”

Mayank’s face felt hot as he fumbled for the right words. “Why do you care?”

“I don't,” Abhishek snorted.

“Fine.”

“Fine.”

After a long stretch of awkward silence, Mayank got up as well. “Come on, I’ll throw you some balls in the nets,” he said, looking down at the other.

Abhishek stared at him, his expression unreadable. “Pussy,” he muttered as Mayank walked away.

“I heard that!”

“That was the intention,” Abhishek yelled after him despite the small smile playing at the corners of his lips.

“Horses! Tillu, they have horses!” Rishabh exclaimed as they strolled through the campus.

“Why do you always act like this when we're here?” Ishan chuckled, turning to Abhishek, who looked a little slumped. He nudged the other playfully. “You okay?”

Abhishek nodded, his gaze fixed longingly on the cricket field. He could still see himself padded up, shouting at Shubman to hurry up, chasing after Dhruv for pulling yet another prank, trying to stop Yashasvi from killing someone, admiring Virat in the nets… Well, he could go on forever. He hadn't had the chance to properly miss the place since Ishan came back into his life, but now that he was here, he felt like a stray dog. Maybe he always was. BecauseMeridianhadn't been kind to him, or to anyone for that matter. Yet, it had changed him for the worse, and Shubman, for the better.

He found a home in his new friends. But he couldn't leave his burning house after he had spent hours cleaning its floors.

“Do you regret coming toSummit?” Ishan's voice pulled him out of his thoughts.

Abhishek shook his head. “How can I ever regret meeting you?”

Ishan grinned, ruffling the other's hair. “Now let's go and beat their asses again.”

"Who are we beating?" Hardik popped his head in. "I didn't bring my hockey stick.”

Ishan swatted at his arm. “Maybe use thatenthusiasmin the match, alright? Did you see Shubman?”

“I think he was arguing with someone,” Hardik grunted. “Markande, probably.”

Ishan frowned, hoping it wasn't about what he had said to Mayank earlier. He would have rushed down to intervene, but Rohit called him to talk about the match.

Meanwhile, Shubman felt like a child caught in the act. Normally, he wouldn't take any shit from Mayank and would just flip him off. But now, he barely had anything to defend himself by, so he resisted the urge to provoke the other. Besides, hurting Mayank would probably be the last straw for Ishan before he gave up on Shubman for good.

“You don't just ghost someone who got humiliated and into a fight for you,” Mayank said.

“I didn'tghosthim,” Shubman hissed. “I had to leave for reasons I don't owe you an explanation for.”

“Give meone, one good reason why you didn't bother to respond to his calls or texts for three fucking weeks.”

“I’m-!” Shubman pinched the bridge of his nose, huffing. “I’m not telling you, Mayank. Who are you to ask me anyway?”

“His best friend,” Mayank scoffed. “Who acts like one.”

Shubman ran his hand through his hair, sighing. “Jesus, you're annoying as ever. Fine. I’ll talk to him, alright?”

“Don't make it sound like you're doing him a favour,” Mayank warned. “Grow some balls, or eyes. Clearly, you don't have either.”

Shubman clenched his fists, feeling his cheeks heat up. He forced every muscle in his body to remain still, for the sake of his own sanity. “Sorry,” he mumbled.

“Tell that to him.”

That's how Shubman ended up approaching Ishan before the match. Ishan put on a good show of not noticing him until Shubman was up close in his face.

“Hey, Shubman,” Ishan said in feign cheer. “Didn't see you there.”

Shubman winced slightly, rubbing the back of his neck. “Mad enough to use my full name, huh?”

Ishan's smile only widened. “I’m going to kill you in the match today.”

“Um,” Shubman gulped. It could be fatal when Ishan channeled his anger into his cricket. “I’m really sorry, Ish. I’ll make it up to you.”

That wiped the smile off Ishan’s face. “I just need the reason, Shubman,” he said.

Mayank and Ishan were eerily alike, Shubman thought. “I don’t know what to say, honestly,” Shubman muttered.

Ishan stared at him for a moment before starting to put on his pads. "Fine," he muttered.

Shubman crouched down beside Ishan, looking up at him meekly. “It's not, is it?”

Ishan met Shubman’s eyes with his own fierce ones. “Of fucking course it's not fine. I can ignore the part where you ran away for whatever reason, but I think I deserved at least a call, or a text," Ishan retorted.

Shubman's shoulders slumped as he looked down. From a distance, he probably looked like a puppy in the rain. “Ish–”

"Best friends don't treat each other like that. I'm not your girlfriend or boyfriend or," Ishan fumbled with frustrated hand gestures. “Whatever the hell you’ve got going on.”

“Will you be?”

“What?”

“....Whatever the hell I’ve got going on?” Shubman tried.

Ishan took a deep breath before turning over his shoulder to yell out to Shastri in the next hall. “Coach, can I kill someone?”

“Not fromSummit. We don't have substitutes today.”

“Got it.”

Shubman squealed as Ishan caught him with a headlock. “Mazak sujh raha hai tujhe behen ke laude.Did you have a good laugh while I was worrying about you?”

Shubman coughed at the chokehold, trying to wriggle out. “I can't breathe! This isnotsexy!”

A giggle escaped Ishan. He somehow managed to climb onto Shubman's back and forced him to give him a piggyback ride until the match started. Mayank shot Ishan a soft smile, and Shubman a glare.

The perks and cons of falling for your best friend included not being able to stay mad at them.

It felt like charity whenMeridianwon, but a win was a win– practice or real. Shubman wasn't overjoyed; especially because now, hehad toface Ishan.

"Yashu, don't you think you should spend some time with yourfavouritesenior?" Shubman asked, trying to keep him from leaving the room as Ishan smiled menacingly from the corner.

Yashasvi blinked. “Yes, that's why I’m going to Rohit bhaiya.”

“I hope you die!” Shubman yelled as the other simply walked out.

“I don't know about me, but you sure will,” came the reply before the door clicked close.

Shubman turned around, saying his prayers mentally. “Ish, do you want to–”

“No.”

“Mogu Mogu–”

“Come here, Shubman.”

Shubman obeyed, not wanting to risk testing Ishan’s temper. He shot his best puppy eyes at the other. “I’m sorry, Ish.”

Ishan was no amateur. He held his composure as he leaned in closer, twisting Shubman’s ear slightly. “What are you sorry for?” he whispered as his eyes stared into the other's closely.

Shubman felt his throat go dry. “F-For leaving without any explanation,” he mumbled.

Too close, too close, too close.

“And?” Ishan probed.

“A-And making you go through shit. You got hurt because of me and I couldn't deal with that,” he said the last part with a sad frown.

Ishan pulled back with a sigh, releasing his ear as well. “I would readily do it again for you, Shubi. Just…stay, alright? Don't leave me.”

Shubman nodded weakly. “I’m a fucking coward, that's just what it is.”

“What are you afraid of?” Ishan asked softly, reaching for Shubman’s hand.

“You– Ugh. You knowwhat.”

“I don't,” Ishan said genuinely. “What is it, meri jaan?”

Shubman’s pupils visibly dilated, his face softening. “Don't do this to me. Don't give me hope, Ishan.”

Ishan grinned,adorably, like he always did. “What are you talking about, Gill?”

“Ishan.”

“Hm?”

“I’m a mess.”

“Absolutely.”

“I'm scared of needing you.”

“Uh huh.”

“I’m an obtuse fucking asshole.”

“Wrong.” Ishan couldn't be smiling wider. “You'remyobtuse fucking asshole.”

Shubman groaned, burying his face in his hands. “Why did you break up with Aditi?” he asked after a minute of comfortable silence, peeking out slightly.

“I couldn't love her,” Ishan replied.

“Loveher?” Shubman muttered. “Or, loveher?”

Ishan chuckled. “What’re you trying to do, jaan?”

Shubman’s cheeks flushed. “Do you…”

“Hm?”

“Nevermind.”

Ishan smiled, glancing at the moon outside. “Do you think Icarus should have flown to the sun?” he asked.

Shubman frowned at the sudden question but replied, “Yes.”

“Why? He fell, didn't he?”

Ishan looked at him with hopeful eyes, and Shubman was back in their school library, where they sat giggling over a random book they picked, and at the right corner over the lines of a century-old poem where Ishan's fingers grazed with his own, his fingers felt like they were on fire, much like Icarus.

He had learned the poem that day without realizing, maybe for this exact moment when Ishan looked at him with his eyes that shone like pearls. Shubman thought, if he were Icarus, he would have been glad to fall into the sea, and he would have spent the rest of his life trying to find a pearl as beautiful as Ishan’s eyes.

“For all he had fallen, still he flew,” Shubman could recite from memory. “And for a moment, the sun knew of him, too.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:ok so im not a big fan of dramatic confessions. they’re iconic but firstly, im not a romance reader i find confessions in other genres much more raw. secondly, this is, above all, a friendship story i’ve tried to fit into a slice of life writing style. this is not the main confession but like, you’ve got to read btwn the lines in a way.

heads-up: they were supposed to meet for the match on the next weekend but i changed it to next month.

anyways, this is my all time fav icarus poem: