Shubman takes a deep breath as he stands outside Ishan's door. He's familiar with the place enough to just press in the passcode and enter without knocking like he used to do before but he knows he has no right to do that anymore he runs a hand in his hair in frustration.

Shubman squeezes his eyes shut before he quickly reaches out and presses the doorbell, He stands his ground suppressing the urge to just run away it's not a game of ringing the doorbells and running away this is something more serious. Shubman flinches when he hears a loud thud followed by cursing coming from inside, there's some shuffling before the sound of feet padding on the floor grows louder and louder.

Then he hears the click of the door before it swings open, revealing a very furious Ishan "Who-"

Ishan cut himself off eyes, widening when they met Shubman's on the other side of the door. Ishan blinks as Shubman stares, completely frozen in his spot.

"Why are you here?" Ishan asks breaking the silence. "If you're here to go through it all over again then don't even bother"

"I'm... I just had f-few drinks- I mean I got drunk and now I don't remember my way back home" Shubman shuffles on his feet flushing with embarrassment and hoping Ishan doesn't catch on his lie.

Ishan frowns his eyebrows "And what does that have to do with me? Open Google Maps and follow the directions"

"I don't remember the passcode either" Shubman gave him a quick look.

"Call your manager? Ask for a key or something?" Ishan argues.

"Just let me stay the night?" Shubman begs "For old time's sake?"

"For old time's sake" Ishan scoffs.

Shubman nodes, he steps in and shuts the door behind him before following Ishan into the living room.

"What were you doing before I came?" Shubman asks noticing how the stuff from the coffee table is knocked down on the floor.

"Oh it just fell down with me"

"What?"

"I got scared by the doorbell, I'm sure you've heard the thud"

"Are you serious?" Shubman blinks.

"You think I'm joking right now? While having this on my forehead?" Ishan asks raising his eyes while pointing at the top of his forehead.

Shubman's eyes moved up to Ishan's forehead which had bruises and a tiny bump. Shubman shakes his head in disbelief "You're so fucking dumb" he says while marching into the kitchen. He makes his way back to Ishan with ice wrapped in a towel.

"Here press this against the bump" Shubman says reaching out to give Ishan the ice, only to get his hand swatted away in return.

"It'll swell even more ish" Shubman whines trying to press the ice on Ishan's forehead.

"Don't touch it" ishan hisses.

"Alright then enjoy being ugly for 3 days with a big ass bump on your forehead" Shubman snaps.

Ishan turns to look at him, thinking hard before agreeing "Fine, but be gentle."

Shubman nods reaching out to press the ice when Ishan shifts next to him. Shubman tries not to stare at Ishan's neck, tries not to dwell on how the marks he left have disappeared completely without a trace, they would've it's been so long. He leans closer, looking into Ishan's eyes. It's been so long is all Shubman can think about, he wants to touch, he wants to wrap his arms around Ishan's body, he wants to kiss him badly and tell him how much he loves him.

"I miss you" Shubman whispers creasing Ishan's cheekbone with his thumb.

"Shubman" Ishan warns, voice strained and desperate.

"Ish" Shubman tries again "I miss you."

Swiftly, Ishan holds Shubman's hand taking it off his face. "Don't say shit when you don't mean it" he blurts out moving away.

Shubman's heart drops to his stomach. Does Ishan think he's lying? He doesn't want him to think like that.

"I think you should go, book a Hotel or go to someone else" Ishan says getting up from the couch.

Shubman walks up to Ishan, he wraps his hands around Ishan's waist and gives a small desperate hug.

"Stop it" Ishan whips his head around to look at him.

"Baby, please," Shubman pleaded with desperation in his voice. "You can yell at me, be angry with me, or do whatever you want with me, Just please don't turn me away. I can't..." he rested his forehead on Ishan's shoulder, his voice breaking. "I can't spend a day without you, I can't do it without you. Please, I'm begging you. Give me a chance to be honest for once."

"For months we had this life- this world where it was just the two of us, just you and me. You have already invaded every facet of life, and left your traces everywhere. In my room, in my bed, in my closet- half of it is filled with your clothes only. You have always been more than a friend to me." Shubman laments, lifting his head only to see Ishan's eyes on him. "And I miss you, I miss seeing you in my bed, I miss walking up next to you, I miss getting ready with you, I miss having practice sessions where you'd be practising right next to me, I miss sharing every meal with you, I miss you every single passing minutes when I can't see you next to me" he muttered, feeling his emotions welling up inside him. "I truly meant everything I said." He felt himself breaking even more as he finally expressed what had been troubling him for so long.

"N-no.... no you don't- stop... I don't want to hear it" Ishan says shaking his head. He's done waiting, he's tired of playing that push and pull.

"You know how important cricket is to me....take it away and I'm nothing" Shubman says in a heavy take of breath as he cups Ishan's face. "I did everything to make a name for myself, be it by my performance or my affairs-" his voice breaks "When you asked me to choose I stayed silent because it wasn't about you or her it was about you or my cricket career. You know the society we live in Ishan, it was the fear of losing you or cricket that made me silent. And I know you can feel this fear too."

Ishan wanted to say something. He wanted to ask Shubman to stop talking. He wanted to leave, but he couldn't. The moment Shubman looked into his eyes. Ishan felt his knees grow weak. Shubman is just too impossible to resist but can Ishan put his career on line? Whatever they have is it really enough for him to take the risk? Maybe. Maybe not.

"I'm tired of getting hurt Shubman. So if you're still not sure how you wanna continue this then please... let's just stop this. I mean you're not even sure how you feel about me-"

"I know how I feel" Shubman whispers "Ishan I... I love you" There he said it. He has thought of about what could be the worst. 'Taking the risk with Ishan' or 'completely losing him' and from there Shubman knew the answer, Nothing could be worse for him than losing Ishan. He's still holding Ishan and Ishan is just looking at him with an unreadable expression on his face.

They're both standing still as if they're frozen in time. Without blinking Shubman kept his eyes on Ishan still "I love you" he said again with confidence in his voice.

"D-do you really?" Ishan asks, voice low like a whisper.

"I really, really love you so much. Sometimes I think I can't even breathe, it's too overwhelming, how you make my heart beat faster for you, how you take my breath away just by a mare smile, how you make my inside warm just by looking at me." Shubman says pausing as he leans in pressing their forehead together. "You're everything I want ish, not her or anyone just you... every day for the past 6 years, it has always been you."