🔞

NSFW!!

NOT SAFE FOR MINORS!!

MINORS DO NOT INTERACT!!

YOU'LL GO TO JAIL!!

IT'S A SWITCH FF!!

I don't know more warning.

.............

It is the kind of February night that makes you feel the cold, no matter how many layers of clothes cover your skin. The cold gets into the bones. But that is for the Mumbaikars. Shubman is used to it, he's been chilling the whole evening lying in bed together. Ishan looks like the definition of comfort, wearing his extra-large t-shirt (that he stole from Shubman) and loose shorts. His outgrown black hair creates a mess on his head, and Shubman can't help but find himself running his fingers through Ishan's hair. And it's perfect, relaxing into each other's presence and physical contact until Ishan tilts his head and trails his hand cupping Shubman's cheek as they kiss, letting out the low groans of pleasure. Hands are wandering all over the place, caressing, grabbing, kneading, feeling, and exploring each other's anatomy. Until Ishan moves to take Shubman's shirt off.

Shubman rolls them over just as his shirt reaches the floor, caging Ishan under him, fitting his right leg between Ishan's. Grinding down and earning a low moan. Hands trailing up to his nape and pulling his hair, angling his face down so he can kiss all over his neck. Ishan is sensitive, there's no denying it. Shubman takes his time there, kissing the mole on Ishan's neck over and over again. Maybe he's a little possessive, perhaps he just likes to tease. Ishan wouldn't know his reasons, but he doesn't complain. And when Shubman bites him there, that's when he gets out of the bliss and whispers "shit babe."

"What? Want me to go slow? Wait Let me take off your t-shirt first" Shubman says, reaching out for the t-shirt, but he gets stopped by Ishan.

"Not now. I'm already getting late for the gym." Ishan says, and Shubman's eyes widen in disbelief.

"Don't you dare ish" Shubman whines, grabbing Ishan by the thigh before he can escape. But he didn't hold Ishan too tightly, and Ishan gets to free himself.

"Meri jaan, I'll be back in 3 hours," Ishan says between his giggles.

"You think calling me 'meri jaan' will make it bearable?" Shubman sighs.

Rolling his eyes, Ishan walks to the bathroom without saying anything.

"Hey! Wait up! Let's go together!" Shubman exclaims, chasing behind Ishan.

"Ugh! Seriously. Now I can't even shower with you around" Ishan complains.

"I'm already half-naked! Why not just go together?" Shubman questions as he moves to shrug off his jeans, trying to get them off quickly.

"Keep trying," Ishan goes inside, closing the door and leaving Shubman almost naked by the bathroom door.

There goes his ego. Groaning internally, he lets his jeans pool around his ankle as he walks the walk of shame back. Embarrassingly enough, he kicks them off eventually.

"I can't believe you" Shubman sighs when he sees Ishan coming out of the bathroom just in a towel with water running down his body. "You're such a tease" he mumbles, laying back on the bed and closing his eyes.

"And you love me for it," Ishan teased more.

"Can't you just skip today's session?" Shubman groans, frustrated.

Ishan pays him no mind as if his ears have been plugged with cotton. Silently Putting on his favourite orange t-shirt.

"Tell them you got a stomachache or something" Shubman tries again. "Everyone gets sick."

"If I do that, Hardik bhaiya will come skipping his session to check on me" Ishan warns. "I bet you won't like getting interrupted by none other than Hardik bhaiya."

"Then how about five more minutes in bed?"

Ishan blinked and hissed. Five more minutes in bed does sound amazing.

"Sounds tempting, no?"

"I'm already pretty late." Without any more thoughts, Ishan grabs his bag.

"Don't leave me like that, you heartless human being" Shubman sits up, "or else you'll find me on YouTube under some sad song commenting how the love of my life left me for the gym. Think about how it'll taint your name with all the backlash."

Ishan stops by the door hearing Shubman rant. He groans, eyeing the time on his phone. But still runs back to the bed, he grabs the back of Shubman's head, pulling him in for a kiss. He needs to taste those lips one last time, that might help him go through 3 hours of hard work.

"Pick me up when I'm done," Ishan says against Shubman's lips. Lips that are a little too addictive to be able to pull away so easily, but unfortunately, he has to leave and pull away. "Be there at seven." He jogs back to the door.

_____________

Shubman is late.

Fuck, he's so very late.

It was well into the evening, almost 7:19 when he opened his eyes from a deep sleep. Shubman is ready to make the run, except he still needs to put some clothes on first. He almost screams in frustration while trying to find the clothes he threw earlier into the unknown corner. After walking back and forth twice already, he gives up and pulls out the first thing he sees after opening the closet.

Shubman manages to get there in 10 minutes he spots Ishan sitting on the stairs next to the parking lift, scrolling his phone. He then thanked every existing God for the fact that Ishan waited and didn't just decide to walk back.

Shubman runs a hand through his hair as he stands in front of Ishan. He moves, stalling, almost anxious. "Sorry, I'm late."

"Of course you are," Ishan says, stomping his feet towards the car.

Shubman gets into the driver's seat following Ishan, "I fell asleep" he whispers with an apologetic look on his face, He lets out a sigh when Ishan keeps his silence.

"Hey, buckle up Ish" Shubman waited for a few seconds before leaning onto his side and fastening up Ishan's seatbelt himself.

''Come on," Shubman whines not moving back, "I already apologized."

"Will you promise to give me a foot massage when we get home?" Ishan says, feeling a little tingle of excitement.

"Fine, I promise" Shubman leans in to place a whisper-soft kiss against Ishan's lips before pulling back to his seat.

"Where are we going?" Ishan said, trying to sound casual when he saw Shubman taking a U-turn out of nowhere.

"Let's take a walk by the sea," Shubman said casually.

"Alright," Ishan nods and glances out of the window, the sun is already set.

They spent the rest of the car ride just chatting idly. Minutes later, Shubman wheeled into the parking lot.