“Shubman, I’m getting late,” Ishan said as though he didn't want to miss the bus and spend the day with his boyfriend. “Let me go, you sap.”

“No.” Shubman’s voice came out muffled as he kept kissing the base of Ishan’s neck. “I won't see you for another two months. Let me have my moment.”

Ishan smiled, reaching out to run his hands through Shubman’s hair. “What are you doing after finals?”

“I'm coming to you first thing after writing my last paper.”

Ishan rolled his eyes. “Youknowwhat I mean, Shubi.”

Shubman let out a small groan, dropping his head on Ishan’s shoulder. “I don't know. Can we not think about the future?”

“Have you heard from the scouts?” Ishan prodded.

Shubman shook his head, his hair tickling Ishan’s neck. “Have you?”

“Not yet,” Ishan muttered. “I don't want to admit it but I think I’m… scared.”

Shubman sat upright and looked at the other. He reached out, cupping Ishan's face. “You will make it.”

It wasn’t assurance, or comfort for that matter. Shubman’s eyes shone like he had never been surer of anything else. It wasbelief.

“Yeah,” Ishan smiled. “We will.”

Shubman grinned, showing off his dimples, then leaned in to peck Ishan’s lips. Again, and again, and again. Ishan giggled after each kiss, making Shubman melt into a puddle.

“I’ll miss you,” Shubman whispered, his forehead pressed against Ishan’s.

“I won't.”

“You think you're funny,” Shubman grumbled.

“Think? Iknow,” Ishan replied with a wide grin, dodging Shubman’s kiss so it landed on his cheek instead.

Shubman let out a small whine, trying for another kiss. Ishan laughed, turning his head just in time to catch Shubman's lips with his own.

He leaned into Shubman's touch as the other's hand slipped under his shirt. Ishan shivered slightly as cool fingertips traced patterns on his skin, sending tingles down his spine.

Shubman's warm breath tickled Ishan's ear as he whispered, "Like it?" after trailing his lips up Ishan's neck.

Ishan nodded weakly as Shubman's hands explored the curves and dips of his body. He wished they could get rid of the clothes but he didn't want to come off as desperate.

Shubman abruptly withdrew his hands and got up, prompting Ishan to shoot him a glare, annoyed at the sudden loss of touch. “Wipe that stupid grin off your face.”

Shubman pulled his boyfriend up, planting a big smooch on Ishan’s cheek. The latter couldn't help but crack a fond smile.

“Come on, we're going on a date,” Shubman said, grinning from ear to ear.

Ishan's cheeks flushed. The realization that they were now boyfriends (boyfriends!!!) hadn't fully sunk in yet. He wasn't sure how to act on a date with Shubman of all people. Nothing could have prepared him for this moment.

“Date,” he repeated dumbly. “Really?”

Shubman chuckled, mentally cooing at the red cheeks. “Yes, baby.”

If Ishan was blushing before, he was practically on fire now. If this were a cartoon, steam would be billowing from his ears like a kettle about to burst.

“Disgusting,” he muttered. “Say it again.”

Shubman's cheeks were starting to ache from all the smiling, but he couldn't help but grin even wider. "Would you do me the honor of going on a date with me, my baby?”

Ishan was too embarrassed to reply, so he just said, “I’m borrowing your shirt.”

Shubman knew he wouldn't get it back, just like he wouldn't get his heart back from the boy wearing it.

"Your idea of a date is to race three miles?" Ishan squinted up at the winding hill road behind Meridian.

Shubman nodded, seemingly proud of his idea. “Isn't it awesome?”

Ishan turned to him with bored eyes before breaking into a sly grin. “Fuck yeah! Don't be a sore loser,” he said, slapping Shubman's back.

"Hah? Who said I’m going to lose?” Shubman stretched his legs, warming up.

Ishan smirked, looking ahead– “You're not going to lose, Shubman.Iam going to win.” –With that, he lunged forward, and Shubman swiftly followed suit, shouting about Ishan always cheating.

"Why are you laughing?" Shubman yelled as they breezed past each other every second, the wind whipping through their hair.

"I love summer,” Ishan yelled back, his laughter echoing like a song in Shubman's ears.

“What?”

"I love summer,” Ishan repeated. “And you.”

Shubman loved and hated summers. They had a logic all their own, weighing down his heart and clinging to him like the heady stains of sin-black cherries. And he felt unlovable, like sun-bleached wild grass, and found god in the untamed weeds.

For a long time, he hadn’t allowed himself to be loved. Not in the way he had dreamed of while sitting in the corner of his tenth-grade classroom, eyes tracing the rough hands and crooked smiles of other boys. He wished summer would end soon so the boys would be back in their winter uniforms. Maybe then he wouldn't feel sodirty.

Shubman stared at Ishan, the unashamed crinkles by his eyes that formed crescents as his laughter rang out unbridled. As they reached the other side, both out of breath and grinning like fools, Shubman knew that for once, he didn't want summer to end.

“Spend all your summers with me,” Shubman blurted.

“Sounds like you're proposing,” Ishan teased.

“That's not– I–”

“Don't wory, the answer is yes.”

Shubman rubbed his palms against the fabric of his pants. “To?”

“Both.”

"Noted," Shubman murmured, his lips trembling as he tried to suppress a wide grin.

Ishan's breath was still heavy from the run, brushing sweat from his brow. "Who won?" he asked, his eyes twinkling.

Shubman knew he had lost. "I did," he said anyway.

“No way,” Ishan scoffed, shaking his head. “You’re supposed to cross this,” he added, rubbing his shoe over the imaginary finish line drawn on the concrete.

“I still won,” Shubman said, staring fondly at his boyfriend.

Ishan scrunched his nose when he caught onto the implication. “So corny,” he muttered, though the blush creeping up his cheeks betrayed his words.

Shubman claimed it was still a part of their date when he took Ishan to a lakeside park— one where Ishan would have probably sat judging couples with Rishabh. It was funny to think that someone else might be judging him and Shubman now, especially as the latter fed him a kulfi.

"I have a feeling that Rishabh knows about us," Ishan remarked, lapping up the stray trail of kulfi that had melted onto his finger.

Shubman hummed. “Do you not want anyone to know?”

“I don't really mind if our friends find out,” Ishan murmured. “But I do feel a bit guilty about not telling Aditi.”

“God, I feel bad for her.”

Ishan raised an eyebrow. “Really?”

Shubman rubbed his neck sheepishly. “No.”

Ishan let out a sigh. He couldn't shake off the guilt of potentially hurting Aditi, especially considering how much she had supported him through two major crises in his life.

“I don't want to hide anything from her,” Ishan said after a pause. “But sometimes I feel like I'm still dealing with the fact that I’m into guys.”

“Guys?” Shubman asked, narrowing his eyes. “Plural?”

Ishan snorted. “I’m trying to be serious here, Shubi.”

Shubman chuckled, casually looping an arm around Ishan's shoulder. "Sorry, let's just let loose for sometime, okay? You can go back to being a chronic overthinker without me when I'm not around for two whole months.”

Ishan nodded with a small smile as they fell into a comfortable silence, listening to the sounds around them; the gentle lapping of the lake’s water, the distant hum of traffic, and the murmurs of other lovers. As the sun dipped toward the horizon, Ishan found its glow just as hopeful as the dawn's first light.

"Let's join the national team together," Shubman said, and Ishan felt a rush of nostalgia as he realized how long it had been since he heard those words.

The chances were slimmer than ever, Ishan knew that. But seeing the way Shubman's eyes shone, much like the reflection of the setting sun glimmering on the lake, all Ishan could manage was, "Yeah. Let's.”

When Ishan returned toSummit, he swung by the coach’s office to get a copy of the new recruits list.

“Did you finally win a round of poker?” he asked, noting the smile on Shastri’s face. That was a rare sight.

"I don't think I will," Shastri replied, still smiling.

Ishan huffed, continuing to rummage through the racks. "Why bother with it then? Shouldn't you be planning for the next season already?”

Shastri hummed, his eyes drifting to the framed photo of him with his boys taken on the night they won.

“You should really clean your office, coach,” Ishan added, wrinkling his nose at the trail of dust in the corner.

“Yeah, I will.”

Ishan frowned, expecting the usual sarcastic reply. He shook his head to himself, letting it slide. No one knew what the old codger was thinking.

It was only later that night when Mayank quietly informed him about Shastri's retirement that Ishan realized how far he had come. How far they all had come. He noticed the extra inches in Mayank's hair, the peeling corners of the posters in their room, and how muchheused to long for everything to be over.

“Time will pass anyway,” Aditi told him. She did not talk about the part that said, “And you can do nothing about it.”

Ishan stayed up all night shortlisting new players so that the old grump could have an easy retirement – play poker and smoke weed or whatever old grumps did. By the time he finished, Mayank had fallen asleep over his pile of assignments. After circling the name of the new captain on the list, he got up to guide his sleepy friend to bed.

Ishan glanced at his jersey hanging on the door. Tradition dictated that the graduating captain would pass the number down to the next captain. Ishan smiled to himself before shutting his eyes.

"Good luck, Tillu.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:sorry bros im kinda busy with studies rn. anyways, there’s some romanticization of summer in this chp because the weather is lovely here. and there’s also kind of an aristotle and dante reference in the ”i love summer– and you” line. originally, it was “i love swimming– and you.”