If anyone missed the last update then please read it, It has Their kiss and Shubman's realization of love.

•

Shubman's reaction by the end of the chapter (don't skip):

I find myself in my Mumbai flat. Partly because I wanted some time alone, but also because the BCCI event next week is in Mumbai.

We only returned from England yesterday, and since then, I haven't spoken to Ishan. Am I experiencing withdrawal symptoms? The past few months were filled with cricket matches, tours, and events, so I hardly had to be away from him.

It's pathetic. I'm pathetic.

I head into the kitchen to make myself some coffee. As I grab the coffee, it instantly reminds me of the day when Ishan showed me how he likes his coffee. He isn't a black coffee person; he likes it with milk and sugar.

He showed me how he prepares his coffee, which was interesting, but then again, anything he does is interesting to me.

He let me take a sip from his coffee, and it was really good. Now, I'm craving it.

Instead of my usual black coffee, I start making my coffee the Ishan-way. I pour the hot milk over the creamy mixture, and it looks delicious. Grabbing my phone from my room, I stroll into the living room. Sitting on the sofa, I start scrolling through news on my phone, but my focus is hardly on it. Lately, all my brain can think of is this one particular 5 feet and 6-inch tall man who probably doesn't give a shit about my feelings. Or maybe he does? I don't know.

Before I can take the first sip of the coffee, the doorbell rings. I set the coffee mug on the table to check it, and as I open the door, I see Nia and Darshan standing there with some stuff in their hands. Nia is breathing heavily..

I step aside to let them in, both of them dumps the stuff on the table. Darshan leaves quickly, but Nia stays, still breathing heavily. "Water," she manages to say inbetween her breaths.

I hand her a glass of cold water. After gulping it down in one go, she asks for more. After downing another glass, she plops down on the sofa. "Why isn't the lift in your building working?" Her breathing starts to normalize.

"I don't know. I didn't even realize it wasn't working," I say, noticing her narrowed eyes. "You haven't been anywhere?" she questions.

"Not since this morning," I reply, taking a seat in front of her.

She relaxes herself and leans back on the sofa. "I should join the gym."

"Yes, you should," I agree.

She gives me a glare.

"What are all these?" I ask, pointing towards the stuff they dumped on the table.

"They are fan gifts," she answers.

"Oh."

She then sits up straight, her face morphing into an excited expression. "You know what? For the BCCI event next week, I think it would be fun if both of you wear matching outfits." She taps something on her phone. "Boyfriends should be twinning," she adds.

I sigh. "I don't want to continue it." Her head snaps a bit too fast, and I'm afraid she might have sprained her neck.

"But we can't do that, we have ODI World Cup (khada hoon Aaj bhi wahi)coming later this year, we can't afford any negative PR before that." She pauses, a bit hesitant to say anything further but then she continues anyway "we can do something after that, like release some statement."

"No," I protest. "I don't mean that... I mean... I mean..." I struggle to find the correct words.

"Yeah?" she prompts me to continue.

I bury my face in my hands and speak in a low voice, "I don't want the wordfaketo be there."

Silence.

I glance up to confirm that she is still there, looking at me with confusion, and then slowly the realization dawns upon her. "You mean... you have feelings? For him?"

I nod slowly.

She clasps her hand over her mouth and squeals. SHE LITERALLY SQUEALS.

"Oh my god, oh my god, for real?" she asks me excitedly.

Whatever reaction I was expecting from her, this one wasn't one of them.

"My ship is sailing!" she exclaims joyously.

"Huh?"

"I already see the chemistry between you two. It's a shame that it took you so long to realize."

"Well, in that case, it's more like your ship is sinking because I am the only one with feelings."

"And why are you so confident about it?"

I explain the whole thing to her, how we helped Ellisa and how Ishan kissed me, and how he never mentioned it afterwards. She enjoys every bit of it.

And when I tell her about the kiss, her eyes go comically wide. "You two had your first kiss!" she exclaims, clearly ecstatic. "I'm sad that so many people witnessed that, but I didn't," she says with a mock hurt expression. "I can't believe I missed all that drama. I should have been there."

"Yeah, so you could have made us both marry each other right there," I scoff lightly.

"Of course."

Now her whole demeanor changes, and she looks pointedly at me. "Did you tell him?"

"What? No... How can I when I know the feeling isn't mutual?"

"How can you say it so confidently? In my opinion, you should definitely tell Ishan about your feelings. He deserves to know." A smile spreads on her face. "And who knows, he might feel the same for you?"

"Not possible."

She tries to say something, but I cut her off, changing the topic. "How is it going with Darshan?"

She rolls her eyes. "Fuck him."

With a mischievous smile, I retort, "Well, that's your job."

_____

The BCCi even went smooth and we are currently in Hyderabad for the tri series against New Zealand.

The first match ended up in our favour, after the match, I went out with shreyas and and miyaan.