Ishan woke up the next morning. He raised himself slightly to look around, only to find himself alone in bed.

With half-closed eyes, Ishan got up and went hunting for his phone, God knows where he threw it last night. After looking for it for minutes, Ishan finally locates it, buried in the pile of clothes that consists of both his and Shubman's clothes. He scrolls through the call log only to see missed calls from Mayank from last night.

Ishan decides to call back, and the call is answered instantly. "What is it?"

"This is how you greet your best friend in the whole world?" Mayank pretends to be offended.

"I just woke up. My brain can’t process phone calls right now. Stop being a crybaby," Ishan explains.

"I'm not a crybaby, geez! I'm just annoyed because it seems like you forgot about me," Mayank says with a dramatic sigh.

"How can one forget someone as annoying as you?" Ishan mutters.

"Did you call me just to insult me?" Mayank yelled out.

"If that's Mayank, tell him we're on our way" Shubman said, coming out of the bathroom right after taking a shower, "and tell him I'm not gonna let him hijack you."

"Alright, we're on our way" Ishan ends the call, saving his ass from being yelled at by doing so.

"Did he call you too?" Ishan asks.

"He said he's at your place, so I told him to wait there." Shubman hums. "Should we get going or make him wait."

“Too hard to decide” Ishan mutters thoughtfully, still frowning as if he’s thinking really hard.

"I'll make it easy for you" Shubman runs towards Ishan, tackling him onto the bed.

"Hey, go away, you're still wet" Ishan said as he playfully punched Shubman's chest, trying to move him away.

"Always wet for-" Shubman gets cut off by Ishan.

"Don't even try to finish it," Ishan said quickly.

Shubman laughs and tries to hug Ishan closer to him, but there’s already no space between them. He squeezes his fingers into the thick of Ishan's thigh, just holding him. Ishan relaxed his head on Shubman's shoulder, wrapping his hands tightly around him.

"Seriously, you're planning to sleep again? No goodnight kiss last night, now no good morning kisses" Shubman mumbles in a pout.

"You're such a baby," Ishan said, opening his eyes slightly and planting a kiss on Shubman's cheek, then his whole face, and the last one on his lips. Ishan pulled back and gazed down at him. "Enough kisses now?" Shubman grinned and shook his head, indicating he wanted more.

"We're totally gonna make him wait" Ishan leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to his lips.

____________

The elevator to their apartment complex pings, and the doors open. Ishan and Shubman walk hand in hand down the hallway towards their unit. The smile soon disappeared as they stood in front of the door to their apartment waiting for either of them to put the pin in.

"Come on, just do it" Ishan says, breaking the silence.

"No way, you do it" Shubman puts his hands back into his pockets.

"Why? Are you scared?" Ishan teases.

"Yes," Shubman admits, swallowing to moisten his dry throat. "Yes, I am."

"Stop being such a wimp" Ishan said, shrugging and glancing at Shubman. "It's not like a flying punch will land on your face as soon as you open the door."

Shubman frowned, "You know damn well that's what gonna happen."

"Come on, it can't be that bad," Ishan said with a sigh. "Go in first, or no kisses for you."

"You can't be serious right now that's not fair" Shubman protested before stopping short at the sight of Ishan's straight face, waiting for him to go inside.

Shubman slowly turns, 'I can do this. No more running away' he thinks to himself while also complaining to God how unfair his life is. With trembling fingers, he opened the door and stepped inside. "Hey--" he started to say and then stopped, his breath catching in his throat.

Mayank was sitting on the sofa, grinning at him. "Hey," he said casually.

Ishan shuts the door behind him, letting his bag fall from his shoulder, his eyes wander around, taking in how no one is on the floor or shouting at each other.

Mayank got up from the sofa and walked up to him. Ishan's hands reaches out to the closest thing they could find, which is Shubman's neck. His arms looped around Shubman's neck, swaying him to the ground. "Save me shubi" he screamed as they fell.

Shubman had almost died right there from the sudden shock of someone throwing him to the ground by the neck.

"What is wrong with you two?" Mayank questions in pure confusion.

"Get away from my boyfriend, you psycho" Shubman says, coming back to his senses.

"I can't even hug my best friend?" Mayank said, looking impatient.

"He's playing mind games now" Ishan said, leaching onto Shubman like a koala. "It's even worse."

"Me?" Mayank rolled his eyes. "You two are the ones who are acting like you're hallucinating a ghost or something."

"Hey! No need to bring a ghost in" Ishan chirped. "We're sorry, okay."

"Yeah, no need to talk about ghosts, we're the ones who sleep here alone at night" Shubman says, getting defensive.

"If you both are sleeping together, then how are you alone?" Mayank asks.

"Let's just say we both get scared" Ishan replies.

Mayank glanced between the two of them. "I'm not even surprised. Now can you two stop acting weird and get up?"

"Not before you forgive us for making you wait." Both Ishan and Shubman speak in sync.

"I'm not even mad to begin with" Mayank said, giving them a puzzled look.

"You're telling us you didn't plan 10 different ways to torture and then kill us for the past 3 hours, we had you waiting?" Ishan said, sounding concerned.

"No, I didn't I would've given it a thought if I was alone" Mayank said.

"What do you mean if you were alone?" Ishan asks.

"I told you there are ghosts in this house baby, we need to move out--" Shubman stops when he sees Mayank turning his head to the side and following his gaze.

There stands Abhishek by the kitchen with a glass of water in his hand and waves with the other hand, a concerned look on his face.

.

.

.

.

.

Shubman was in the kitchen with Abhishek, making Ishan's coffee. It was taking him an inordinate amount of time to make a single iced americano he was in a bit of a daze, wandering all over the place, having to remind himself what he was in the middle of doing.

Abhishek sat on a stool, watching him with a bemused expression. "Soooo, when were you going to tell me?" he said, as Shubman finally got his shit together, locking the portafilter into the espresso machine, making sure the portafilter is in the locked position.

"Was working on it" Shubman sighed heavily. He had been planning to tell him, and that was the whole reason behind dropping hints here and there.

"I really..." Shubman poured the espresso shot into the iced water, carefully glancing up at Abhishek as he stirred with a straw. "I really wanted to tell you, but I couldn't just come out of nowhere and tell you 'hey I'm gay, and I got a boyfriend also surprise it's Ishan."

"What do you mean out of nowhere?" Abhishek says, shaking his head. "We all knew you were into him a bit too much."

Shubman frowns a bit at this, suddenly confused. "Was it that obvious?"

"Of course it was" Abhishek lets out a soft laugh. "So how does it feel being in a relationship after so long?"

"I’m in love with him" Shubman whispers, absently twirling the straw around in the glass.

"Okayyyy," Abhishek said, giving him a puzzled look, "I know it's kinda weird to be in love with your own boyfriend, but I guess crazier things have happened."

"Shut up" Shubman giggled. "I never thought this would actually happen between us. Now that it has, it's kind of blowing my mind, you know?" After all the anticipation, he finally got to call Ishan his boyfriend. "It just feels absolutely fucking amazing, man."

“Fuck, you really love him, don’t you?” Abhishek gets up from the stool with his eyes crinkling because of his smile. He walks over to Shubman, giving him a hug. "I’ve never seen you this content and satisfied before."

"Well, it'll be kinda weird to not be in love with my boyfriend, but as you said crazier things have happened" Shubman says casually handing him the coffee. "Give this to Ishan, I gotta clean the kitchen."

"Sure, but can I have a sip?" Abhishek grinned at him.

"You better not have that mouth anywhere near that straw." Shubman threatens.

Abhishek rolls his eyes, takes the glass out of Shubman's hand, and says, "It's not like you can stop me," before making a run.

"I’d like to see you fucking try." Shubman chased him to the living room.

Shubman carefully placed the glass on the coffee table and looked for a place to sit only to find the place next to Ishan already occupied. "Oh, no" Shubman groaned as he sat on the other side of Ishan grabbing him by the shoulder and tugging him. "Not you having all his attention."

"Oh shut up, Shubman" Mayank says, latching onto Ishan like a koala. "That's exactly what I'm here for."

"Nuh-uh, I don’t think so" Shubman said, instantly pulling Ishan out of his hold.

"Ish, how can you stand being with this insufferable douche canoe?” Mayank said, laughing hysterically.

"Fuck you, who are you calling a douche canoe?" Shubman's eyes narrow.

"Obviously you, stop acting so clingy for fuck's sake" Mayank growled.

"You'll understand when- you know what fucking live and die single." Shubman rolled his eyes.

"Take that back motherfucker!" Mayank gaped.

"Yeah, take it back" Abhishek says taking Mayank's side.

"Stop being mean to my best friend and take it back." Ishan joined in just for the mere fun.

Shubman wheezed, standing up straight, "You all are ganging up, that's not fair."

"Now you'll feel how it feels to have your best friend stolen" Mayank stuck his tongue out at Shubman.

____________

Ishan sits on the bed having a chat with his trainer. It's been almost an hour since Mayank and Abhishek left not before making Shubman take his words back. Ishan rolled off the bed wondering how he'd been sitting here alone and still, he doesn't see Shubman coming and wrapping his hands around him.

Dragging his feet, Ishan walks out of the room only to see Shubman sitting not on the sofa but on the carpet next to it, looking just tired. Eyes half closed.

"What are you doing here?" Ishan asks, throwing his hand over Shubman's shoulder.

"Don't act oblivious" Shubman blinks one eye open, peeking at Ishan.

Ishan sat up, his smile fading. "Oh, I um...what?"

"You know what I'm mad for" Shubman blinked up at him.

"Seriously?" Ishan said, trying to hold back his laughter. "You cannot be mad over that argument if you can even call it one."

"It's not about that stupid argument," Shubman shrugs. "It's about you not taking my side."

"It's even dumber than I thought" Ishan's head shakes with laughter, then only stopping when Shubman shoots him a death glare.

Ishan deflected. "T-That whole thing was stupid, you know I'd always choose you when it matters."

"Mayank or me?" Shubman asks, wasting no time.

"You." Ishan sighs.

"Anshumat or me?"

"You."

"Abhishek or me?"

"You."

"Hardik bhaiya or me?"

"You"

"Virat bhaiya or me?"

"Nah, he's better."

"We're not talking about cricket" Shubman almost chokes on his laugh, digging his face deeper into Ishan's neck. Knowing deep down Ishan will continue to choose him even if it comes to cricket.

.................

'Stays the same---' lmao

I just love jealous shubman. There should've been an aftermath 😔

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

People who get it get it 🛐