NSFW (after about like 5,000 words)

_______

Shubman fights his instincts to throw everything into the suitcase. He has to fight it hard as he folds the clothes as neatly as he can and puts them in the bag. Of course, he's a responsible adult he must do his best to pack his boyfriend's bag.

The IPL season is about to start. Shubman was excited to travel with Ishan for their first match. Until his manager told him that he still had a work schedule in Mumbai for the next 2 days. He feels annoyed that there's only one time he'll get to be with Ishan this whole season, and on top of that, he gets two fewer days.

Still, he won't say he hates the IPL.

Shubman loves it.

He really does.

Take him back a few years ago when he was an anxious 19-year-old boy, unsure if he could even make a place for himself in a franchise. Now he's 24 years old, captain of the Gujarat Titans, and still a bit anxious to some level but managing it well. These 5 years have truly changed his life. His cheeks are sore with the amount of proud smiling he's done just thinking about it. And he can't forget about the beautiful man beside him, Ishan. Rather than finding Ishan next to him, he finds him standing by the bathroom door, staring at Shubman with an intensity that borders on obsession.

"Did you fall asleep again in the bath?" Shubman's voice sounds borderline amused, teasing to the edges.

"I am not the one who can't stand in the shower for more than 10 minutes," Ishan says, getting into his black jeans.

"Standing underwater for a long time makes my skin feel itchy, I don't like it" Shubman complains while looking for a shirt for Ishan.

"Whiny baby," Ishan says. "Find me something comfortable."

Shubman laughs his laugh airy and light like the sound of bells on a warm spring evening. "You're the baby out of two of us."

"No, I am not" Ishan gapes at him.

"You are," Shubman says as he lets his eyes travel from Ishan's wet nestled hair to his toes. "You're the babiest of them all," he confidently says.

Ishan knows he is losing the argument, but he isn't one to take defeat lying down. So, he does the only thing he can think of at the moment: he shakes his head repeatedly, sending water flying all over Shubman, and both boys dissolve into fits of laughter.

You just proved my point, you're a baby." Shubman taunts and pulls a black shirt out and holds it over Ishan's shoulders, waiting for him to pull his hands through the sleeves. Then Shubman takes his black onyx pendant off his neck and circles it around Ishan's neck, doing up the clasp.

"You sure?" Ishan asks.

"Yeah, I love it on you" Shubman fiddles with the pendant until it sits perfectly between Ishan's 'Trust Your Struggle' tattoo.

"God, this tattoo of yours is so fucking sexy" Shubman whispers lowly.

"Can you button up my shirt now?" Ishan speaks, more like a question.

"Be silent for a bit," Shubman commands as he trails his fingers over the ink, eyes transfixed on the skin.

"Take a picture it'll last longer," Ishan says frustrated, feeling a bit too hot.

"brilliant" Shubman takes his phone out and proceeds to take pictures of Ishan's chest from 5 different angles.

10 minutes later, they stand in the Shubman stop at the threshold and lean on the door with his shoulder.

"Don't miss me too much" Shubman grins at him, slipping an arm around his waist, pulling Ishan closer.

"It's hard not to" Ishan reassures him, kissing his cheek.

"You're exaggerating."

"Am not," Ishan says, giving him a shy smile.

"Yeah, I will be till then," Shubman smiles back at him, so big that those beautiful dimples make an appearance and his eyes turn into crescents, filled with mirth. "You're allowed to have fun without me."

"Alright, Mom," Ishan says, unable to help from grinning.

"Ugh, as if calling me bro wasn't already enough," Shubman says, swatting him on the arm.

"But you're the only bro I'd kiss." Ishan leans towards him. Their lips meet in a deep, sensual kiss, Shubman slipping his tongue inside Ishan's mouth, eliciting the softest of whimpers from him. But he pulls back before things can get too heated between them.

"Then I don't mind being called bro," Shubman whispers against his lips. "I am insatiable of you, darling."

.

.

.

.

.

.

The bus ride to the hotel is pretty silent. Until the coach starts a monologue, Ishan stares, pretends he's listening, and nods when needed but doesn't really pay attention.

When the coach is done talking, Ishan tells Hardik that he will be heading to his room to take a nap. The jetlag is starting to get him.

Ishan dragged himself to the reception to collect his key, realising he would have had to sit around if he waited for the management to hand them their keys.

"Hey, I'm here to collect my key," Ishan says abruptly, startling the receptionist who has a cup of coffee in his hand, hovering near his lips as he's about to take a sip. "It's booked under the name of Is-"

"I know you," the receptionist says, placing the cup back on the table. She looks a little surprised at first, but she quickly masks her expression. "I mean, I've seen you... on the TV." She shuffles a few keys on her computer.

She smiles widely, revealing a row of straight white teeth, and her eyes form into crescents. "Here's your key, sir" she says, handing the keycard to Ishan.

"You're actually the first one who came to collect the key in person," she says, making small talk.

Ishan laughs. "There's actually a team briefing going on, and I'm tired of waiting around."

Before Ishan can thank her, he sees the girl in front of him pointing at the coffee she was drinking earlier. "Would you like some coffee to feel better?"

Ishan blinks, clearly caught off guard, because why would he want that coffee? "Um, thank you but I don't like hot beverages, and definitely not someone else's coffee."

The receptionist smiles before shaking her head. "I wasn't offering you my coffee. I meant to send room service."

"No thank you" Ishan says and bids goodbye.

Ishan glances at his phone. It's just past 8:30 am. The lobby is slightly quieter, but he knows his teammate will be coming out anytime. It feels weird to be the first one and wait for everyone else. Well, he didn't have anything else to do. He couldn't sleep and didn't want to just lie in his bed, so he preferred to wait here and go through all the random pictures Shubman had sent him.

"Oh my god" Tikal coos as soon as he enters the lobby and sees Ishan sitting there. He runs and immediately cups Ishan's face between his hands. "This isn't real. You can't be the first to arrive."

"Stop the drama it's not that surprising," Ishan says, slapping Tilak's hand away.

"It's definitely more surprising than that girl checking you out" Tikal grunts, sitting beside him.

Ishan turns to look at whom Tilak is talking about, and it's the receptionist from yesterday. Ishan smiles awkwardly before turning back.

Ishan opens his mouth to say something, most likely to tell Tilak to stop looking at her but cut off.

"Look, she's coming here" Tilak says, shaking Ishan's shoulder and making his eyes widen.

"Hello," she says, approaching them and giving them a small smile. "Are you still feeling tired?"

"Do you know her?" Tilak asks Ishan, eyebrows raised with curiosity. Ishan shakes his head in a no.

"Sorry to bother you," she says, looking a little embarrassed. "You looked pretty tired yesterday so I came to check up."

"Since you don't like hot beverages, I got you an iced coffee." That's when Ishan noticed her holding out the coffee cup in her hand.

"Thanks for the thought, um..." Ishan mumbles as he accepts the drink.

"It's Anika Patel," she says before walking back to her desk.

"What the fuck?" Tikal whisper-shouts "She's totally hitting on you!"

"This is gonna be epic." Tilak laughs and takes a snap of Ishan holding the coffee cup awkwardly and sends it to everyone with the caption, 'Ishan's getting hit on at 9 am, when will it be my day?'

"Wait, you're not going to drink it?" Tilak asks when he sees Ishan setting the coffee on the table.

"No," Ishan says flatly, "you can have it if you want."

"You don't deserve it" Tilak huffs, picking up the coffee.

Soon, the whole team heads to the bus. The coach gives each player a pat on the back as they hop on, and off they go to practice.

"That was too slow," Hardik says when Ishan misses a catch.

Tilak smirked as he came to bat. "Seems like the only thing you're catching today is girls," but his smirk quickly disappeared as he got clean-bowled by Bumrah.

Ishan bursts out laughing and says, "And it seems like you're getting 0 runs and 0 girls today."

_______

Shubman sits in the back seat silently, not in the mood to drive or even sit in the front seat. He releases an impassive sigh. Yes, he's upset after Ishan told him that someone was hitting on him this morning. But he's confident it's not because he feels insecure or something; he's just feeling left out here while everyone is already in Ahmedabad.

His first thought was to go home and eat the takeaway instead of throwing it away. Then maybe he should take a nap. Ishan likes to take naps at odd hours, too, he thought to himself.

Wait.

Ishan!!

Shubman whips his phone out of his pocket and unlocks it. His home screen is, unsurprisingly, a picture of him and Ishan from Capetown last year. For a few seconds, his eyes linger at their smiling faces squished up together. He then opens his texts.

From: Ish <3

fucking fuck I made a bitchless joke on Tilak, and he threw his entire kitbag at my head. If I go to the hospital and end up with a concussion, don't be surprised!!!!!!!!!!!

Shubman shakes his head, a smile finding its way onto his face.

To: Ish<3

RIP to your humongous forehead 😔

From: Ish <3

Fuck you!

To: Ish<3

Where did you go??

Shubman waits for a few seconds for a reply, feeling a bit shocked that Ishan left him on 'seen'.

To: Ish<3

I guess you're off to the hospital. Yeah, save that forehead babe

His texting truly makes him seem more confident and coolheaded than he really is. He really is a dork who kept texting even after being left on seen.

In about 30 minutes or so, Shubman finally gets home. His phone starts ringing, and without checking the caller ID, he answers, "Hello?"

"It's a video call why do you have your phone on your ear?" Ishan is on the other line,

After realising his mistake, Shubman pulls back his hand to hold the phone in front of him.

What the fuck?

Shubman takes a good look at the phone's screen. Eyes squinted, eyebrows pressing together in befuddlement, and then his eyes widened.

"W-what the fuck?" Shubman audibly gasps.

On the other side sits Ishan with his freshly chopped hair in uneven microbangs. "Since you love my forehead that much.''

"Did you do it all by yourself?" Shubman asks, "Or did some random passerby with no hair-cutting skills attack you with scissors?"

"All by myself," Ishan says proudly.

"Why did you do it?" Shulman says shocked, stunned, and totally taken aback.

"So you could have fun," Ishan says sarcastically. "Now my forehead and this horrendous haircut will be the last thing you see every time you come in for a kiss."

"Great, so now I get to see that ginormous forehead with an even more ginormous hair-don't every time I go in for a kiss?" Shubman asks, not sure if he should rather laugh or cry.

"I guess this is what you get for calling my forehead big." Ishan gives a wide smile, his eyes sparkling with a mix of humour and sarcasm. He raises my eyebrows and tilts his head slightly. "You brought this upon yourself."

Shubman grins widely, his eyes sparkling with mischief. "I'll still find every inch of you irresistibly kissable, massive forehead included."

"Oh, shut up, you smooth talker," Ishan says, feeling a rush of heat spread across his cheeks.

"Alright, I gotta go now. I need to clean up the mess I created in the bathroom" Ishan said.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Sometimes, a certain feeling hits you whenever you're thinking so hard that you even lose track of time. Shubman had been standing in front of the pantry feeling bad for Ishan's mug after he picked it up his now he's feeling guilty and sad for leaving it alone. The dilemma is whether he should pick his mug or Ishan's.

He picks up the mug and examines it, running his fingers over the smooth surface. It's Ishan's mug it's somehow making the coffee somehow taste better.

As Shubman was finishing up, getting ready to head out the door, his phone dinged with a new notification. He glances at the screen and sees a message from Ishan.

From: Ish <3

Do you think Jassi bhaiya would fight me if I told him I broke his sunglasses?

To: Ish <3

Wait, which one???

From: Ish <3

The Dior one

To: Ish <3

He's going to kill you.

From: Ish <3

Shut up and tell me how to fix them?

To: Ish <3

Rest in fuckin pieces, babe.

Guess I'll have to plan an early funeral for my boyfriend now.

From: Ish <3

U piece of shit

When will you be here?

To: Ish <3

Why

Do you want me to bring a casket for you?

From: Ish <3

No

So I can blame it on you.

To: Ish <3

I'm afraid I can't save you this time, my love

Have fun dying at the hands of the greatest bowler of our generation you will be remembered Ishan Kishan.

A few minutes later, Shubman receives a picture of Ishan in a blue wig.

From: Ish <3

Ishan Kishan who?? It's only Malinga from now on

To: Ish <3

Are you aiming to be a bowler now?

From: Ish <3

I would love to. If Tilak stops making fun of my hair!!!!

Come here before I murder this bitchHHHH.

_______

As the plane climbs cruising altitude, the sky gets a palette of golden hues, a palette of colours that takes your breath away.

The flight is only 1½ hours long, and Shubman is drifting in and out of sleep. Each time he awakens, they're still in the sky.

Shubman's eyes widen in excitement as they finally land. He rushes to the exit as soon as he collects his luggage.

Shubman's car ride consists of watching buildings and colourful streets as they pass by.

The car stops in front of the hotel having both his bare feet on the floor again feels like home for Shubman. The first thing he noticed after getting off was Ishan waiting for him, still in his practice jersey paired with black shorts. Shubman never realised just how much he missed seeing Ishan in Jersey. He wonders when he started to become so disgustingly clingy.

But then Ishan latched onto him, hugging him tight, and Shubman felt a sudden feeling of lightness overtaking it. He breathed through Ishan's skin, inhaling the scent.

"Let's go inside" Ishan spoke.

Both walk side by side to the reception to check in, and even though Shubman rarely uses his room, he still has to check in.

"Good evening sir. What can I do for you?" The receptionist said, her voice mimicking the squeak of a three-day-old puppy, like her appearance. Her eyes stuck on Ishan.

If it didn't hit Shubman before, it really hits him now. She's the one who offered Ishan coffee.

Shubman can't help but look down on her-not figuratively. He literally has to look down at her.

"Um here to check in," Shubman says, putting his hand on Ishan's shoulder. He felt like being petty today, so he didn't let go, instead, he pulled closer.

"And you, sir?" She asks, looking, moving her eyes back to Ishan.

"I'm just here to accompany him. Ishan replied.

"I see, I didn't know you two were friends," she chuckles.

"I think by now everyone knows Shubman and I are friends-"

"Friends? Mhm... Are you sure?" Shubman teasingly says, leaning to his right.

"You're awfully clingy today. What's with you? Hmm?" Ishan asks, using his free hand to caress the side of Shubman's face, totally forgetting where they are and who they're with now that Shubman's here, being all sweet.

Shubman was ready to go in for a kiss right there, if not for her calling Shubman to hand him his key card. Which then made him pull back.

"Aren't you at least gonna put your stuff in your own room?" Ishan opens the door to his room.

"It'll be such a hassle to go to my room just to brush my teeth and come back" Shubman mummers. "And I don't like the sound of it, having two rooms plural. Instead of just one."

"What if someone comes knocking at your door and you aren't even there, let alone your stuff?" Ishan can't help but giggle. "Too risky, no?"

"You're the greatest risk I've ever taken." Shubman says all of a sudden, eyes getting lost in Ishan's lower lip. "And the greatest reward." He finishes before stealing a kiss from Ishan.

"You really look happy today- not that I'm complaining, by the way. I like it." Ishan nuzzles him, chuckling softly.

"So you like me clingy?" Shubman asks, raising a brow teasingly at Ishan.

"I love it, actually Captain Gill, cling to me more, please," Ishan whispers in his ear.

"You're so fucking hot," Shubman says, letting his hand drop on the dip of Ishan's back, squeezing the latter's ass to tease back.

.

.

.

.

.

On the first day of his practice, Shubman thinks it may have been a mistake to take the first flight to come here because now he never wants to be left alone. Since Shubman has reached here, he has not been alone even for a second.

Shubman sighs going back to practice. He's the captain now he can't just sit around if he wants to he has responsibilities. Besides, Ishan had told him he'd let him top if he won the match during one of their makeout sessions. That's one of the reasons (main reason) why he must win this match. Shubman's smile basically twinkles, remembering how Mumbai Indians have not won their opening match in years.

The evening has fallen by the time Shubman gets back to the hotel, a full moon casting silvered light. Ishan had already made it back as a result of his team ending the practice early.

They gorge themselves on room service food, and the cocktail Ishan tried making by combining white rum, coconut cream, pineapple juice, and orange juice but ended up not drinking it since the drink doesn't look pretty enough to drink instead he preferred just the pineapple juice. Shubman makes sure to take every opportunity to kiss the sticky sweet juice from Ishan's lips once he's done drinking.

Shubman considers himself immensely lucky that Ishan fully embraces his 'let's take a bath' idea, and they both happily laze around in the bathtub, his hands running over Ishan's slippery smooth skin, holding him up in his arms in the warm water. This inevitably leads to a copious amount of making out, water falling out as they move.

They retreat to the bed where there's a comfy pillow big enough for two. With a Pixar movie playing on the TV, Shubman lies beside Ishan, getting an arm around him, and snuggles in close to his side. Ishan slipped his hand underneath Shubman's shirt, rubbing his abs. Snuggled underneath a blanket, they kiss, and they talk about everything and nothing until they drift off to sleep.

It's calming.

Relaxing.

Now if he could only find a way to make this time last forever.

On the day of their match, Shubman sits in the dugouts, taking a much-needed 10-minute break. On their assigned side of the stadium, there are only GT players doing their warmup routine, while on the other side of the stadium, he sees MI players sprinting around the boundary. Ishan is among them too. Shubman plans to call him when they pass by him but decides against it.

To his surprise, Ishan jogs over to his side and looks at him with a bright smile, teeth glistening under the sun's rays. "feeling nervous?"

"Ishan Kishan"

As his name is called, Ishan and Shubman both turn their attention to the one calling him. Across them is Hardik standing with both his hands on his hips, and Tilak stands right behind him. Other team members have continued their running.

"Just because we're on the last round doesn't mean you can cut in the middle," Tilak says, catching his breath. "You have to complete all five rounds."

Ishan sighs "Cut it out. You're loud."

"Not as loud as your fucking hair" Tilak scoffs.

"Get over my hair, it's been days." Ishan sounds not only bewildered but mildly offended.

"Yeah, stop it Tilak, his hair started to look bearable now," Hradik says, ruffling Ishan's hair.

"Not you too bhaiya." Now, just as frustrated and tired Ishan takes the seat beside Shubman.

''Who even suggested you get that ugly ass haircut?" Tilak asks, exasperation growing on his face.

"It's not that surprising it must be his own idea," Hardik says. "Reminds me of that one time he downed four tequila shots, broke a table, and threw a tantrum because he wanted a tattoo on his neck right there."

Tilak nods his head, knowing Ishan would absolutely do that.

"Thank you for bringing that up, bhaiya" Ishan says, looking at Shubman. "It's not that ugly, right?"

"Let me take a good look." Shubman runs his hand through Ishan's hair, his eyes are not even focused on Ishan's hair rather, they are focused on his face, and damn, his face is literally glowing. Well, it's always glowing, but today is a little different. He's arguably as bright as the sun in the sky.

"No, it's cute." Even if Ishan decides to get a buzzcut, Shubman will still find it cute. He has no issue with Ishan's hair, and he has absolutely no issue with his boyfriend's hand creeping up his thigh in the presence of their friends.

Ishan snorts, "You're just too weak."

"You're just too cute," Shubman replies, grinning.

Tilak stares, "Are you two flirting?"

"No!" Ishan exclaims, shaking his hand in the air furiously, which makes it even more suspicious. His eyes meet Shubman's for a mere second before he swiftly looks away.

"My legs are paining can we just finish this last round, please?" Hardik suggests.

"Alright, let's go" Ishan gets up.

_______

MI won the toss and decided to bowl.

Shubman stands surrounded by his team in a circle he isn't prepared to give any hopeful and heartening words he's never been a "big speech" person. But with the strident energy penetrating every muscle in his body, he feels more up for it than he ever would.

"It's been the biggest honour being on a team with dudes who are so damn athletically talented." Shubman continues with his last-minute pep talk. "This captaincy and team are the best thing to have ever happened to me, and I want to thank you all for gifting me with this experience. Even if we don't win tonight, which we will. Just know that I'll graduate with no regrets, thanks to you all."

Cheers erupted as soon as the GT opening pair entered the field, almost giving Shubman whiplash.

"Shubman"

Shubman pauses, realising that his respiration rate is higher than usual. The crowd is loud as hell, so whatever he's hearing is muffled. Still, he hears him he can't see him, but he knows it's him.

Ishan is running towards him, Shubman slows down, making it easier for Ishan to catch up.

"Good luck on your first match, Captain Gill" Ishan pats his back. "Win it, I know you can."

"Good luck to you too," Shubman says, leaning to Ishan's side, a smile never leaving his face.

"I don't need it," Ishan says, shaking his head slightly. "Already wearing your good luck pendant."

"Oh, are you?" A sense of warmth and tenderness fills Shubman's heart as he looks down and sees Ishan is indeed wearing that pendant, his lips quickly form a proud smile, and he nods his head in satisfaction.

"See you in a minute," Ishan says as he gives him a gentle push onto the pitch and then runs off to his position.

The match has already started, it's Shubman on strike now.

There's a process Shubman goes through, effectively cancelling out all outside diversions and disturbances. He's never given his brain much credit, but when he plays cricket, his brain is only focussing on the incoming ball, cutting everything out. Shubman has never considered himself especially talented at anything, but cricket has been a strong suit of his. The ball comes flying it doesn't take long for the ball to reach him. He pictures what the best course of action is. He decides where he wants to go and where he wants to send the ball, whether that's to hit it hard or take it slow.

3 overs in, and they've already lost a wicket. Beads of sweat dribble down Shubman's forehead, his hair absolutely drenched. He bends over, tapping his bat on the ground, ready to face Shams Mulan. He needs to take it slow, but Shubman manages to work it into the midwicket pocket for a single. Another single, and he's back at the strike. Once again, Shubman falls into a state of brutal concentration.

The last ball of the over Shubman gets down on one leg to slog-sweep it over a deep backward square leg using the bowler's angle to his advantage and hits the first six of this match.

After that, Shubman managed to hit most of the balls, in the 7th over, he tried to hit the ball for a six but didn't get the necessary elevation out to long-on. Rohit takes a few steps to his left and takes the catch.

GT finish their innings with 168 runs.

The goal is to get them all out before they can chase the 169 runs, if not that, then take this game to the super over.

It seemed like they were leading to that goal until Hardik came in the last over and hit a six and a four. Now only 9 runs are needed in 4 balls.

Shubman turns to see his fellow teammates, all equally fatigued, he gains sparks of vigor. But he is feeling anxious too; now isn't the time to feel anxious. But his mind doesn't really give a fuck.

It's not over yet, he thinks to himself and changes the position of fielders one last time.

3rd ball of the over.

Umesh Yadav to Hardik Pandya, THATS OUT!! Caught!!

4th ball of the over.

Umesh Yadav to Piyush Chawla, THATS OUT!! Caught!!

Last ball of the over.

Umesh Yadav to Shams Mulani, 1 run.

Gujarat Titans win by 6 runs.

Shubman doesn't become conscious of what's happening until Umesh runs into him shouting happily and tackling his body into an excited hug. The rest of the team joins in shortly.

Shubman goes, scampering across the field, giving quick interviews here and there, receiving congratulations from every next person he meets. He finally got a free minute, but then again someone came up to him.

"Give me a moment please," Shubman says to whoever is trying to have a conversation and walks towards Ishan, who is standing by the boundary with Rohit.

"Captain," one of the teammates calls, making him almost stop, but Shubman chooses to ignore it and continue walking he mindlessly passes everyone until he reaches his destination.

When he gets there, Shubman throws out his left hand, and Ishan comes and slots perfectly by his side.

"Here comes your prince," Rohit tells Ishan, stating the obvious.

"I'm sure he does," Ishan chuckles.

"Yeah, then why not come with me?" Shubman says, pulling Ishan along.

"I'll be right back Bhaiya," Ishan says to Rohit as he's dragged away.

_______

Shubman safely leads Ishan to the empty hallway that leads to the parking lot, they carefully make their way there, trying to be discreet and hoping not to get stopped by anyone.

"Why are we sneaking around?" Ishan raises an eyebrow at their stupidity.

Shubman rolls his eyes, half-amused and half-annoyed. "You wanna sit around for another hour for the team bus to take you back?"

"Fine, I'll call the Uber." Ishan let out an exasperated sigh. "3-2-8-9 Remember the OTP my phone's about to die."

"We're here." The driver said as soon as he stepped on the brake in front of the hotel after a 30-minute drive.

"What?" Ishan asks, wondering why Shubman is looking at him. Like he's expecting him to pay.

"I- I don't have anything... I mean. My phone, my wallet- nothing." Shubman whispers so that the driver won't hear.

"What?!" Ishan exclaims, instantly regretting following Shubman's plan, "I don't have my wallet either."

"All I've got is this-" Ishan says, showing Shubman his phone. "And it's dead now."

They both have nothing on them right now actually, except a dead phone and their room key, since Shubman wanted to sneak out. Now, Ishan is starting to think of ways to ditch him right here, so he wouldn't have to get involved in case the cab driver sues him.

"Is there a problem?" The cab driver asks, eyeing both of them suspiciously since they're still not paying and not getting out.

"Sir. Just to let you know, he kidnapped me. I don't really know this guy."

"What?! Sssh..." Shubman shushed Ishan up, choking out an offended scoff after hearing what he just tried to do to him right now.

"Uhm, I'm sorry, I just realised that I forgot my phone and I don't have my wallet with me right now. Is it okay if you just wait here while I go and get the money?" Shubman nervously apologises to the driver.

The driver nods, glancing back at them.

Shubman doesn't take much time to run out of the car, leaving Ishan behind, and returns with some cash in no time.

Shubman trails behind Ishan, almost as if he's his shadow. The two voyage into the lobby, and the girl at the front desk gives Ishan a small smile. Ishan continues to lead the way Shubman stalking behind him like an overgrown child side-eyeing the girl.

Up the elevator they go, Shubman's nerves rising with every floor they pass, they were both rushing to the door of their room once they reached the floor.

"Thought that Uber guy was nice, but he was judging the shit out of me as soon as you left" Ishan says, entering the room ready to jump on the bed. "Can you please turn on the lights?"

No response.

He turns around to see Shubman looking down at his shoes arms crossed over his chest leaning against the door.

"Now what's up with you?" Ishan sighs.

Shubman almost looks offended. "I don't like her."

"Glad to know you're aware of my presence. But who the fuck is her?"

"That receptionist."

"God, you can't possibly be jealous... She only smiled at me-"

"Yeah, she might as well hang a sign. She wants you."

Ishan breathes, reaching for him, cupping his face in his hands. "You know you're the only one who can make me--"

"Hard?" Shubman interrupts him again, tone a bit teasing this time.

"Yeah... That- but also this." Ishan says, taking Shubman's hand and placing it over his chest making the latter feel his own heartbeat. "You're the only one who can make my heart beat like this," Ishan says, watching as Shubman's pupils dilate while staring at him.

Shubman is still feeling a bit salty, but this doesn't stop him from pulling Ishan in for a kiss, unable to restrain himself any longer.

"Tch, do you like me that much, huh?" Shubman asks, flipping them around so that Ishan is the one slammed against the door. His head bangs against the wood, but not hard enough to hurt. Shubman makes sure of that by pulling Ishan close.

Ishan fights to maintain steady eye contact. Imagine that. Ishan fighting to maintain steady eye contact. That sounds like a Shubman problem.

"Careful baby, you might be shocked if I answer that," Ishan says, and kisses him then reluctantly pulls away, turning to leave, but Shubman grabs his hand and spins him back into his arms, and Shubman's lips are on his again, kissing him desperately, an almost greedily instinctive roll of his hips against Ishan's crotch.

"You're hard already... from kissing." Ishan chuckles against Shubman's mouth, fondly biting at his lower lip. "What will I ever do with you?"

Shubman reddens. "It's because of you. I think you should take responsibility."

"Should I?" Ishan palms Shubman's cock through his jeans, rubbing it through the fabric.

"Mmhm, yes," Shubman mutters under his breath, his cock twitching into his pants as he feels a warm palm rubbing and squeezing around it, applying just enough pressure to keep him wanting more.

"Ish," Shubman breathes. "Can you..." Ishan licks a slow line from Shubman's clavicle, all the way up behind his ear, and it cuts Shubman's question off and makes him shiver.

Shubman squeaks, the pitch of his voice unusually high for him, when Ishan pushes him onto the bed.

"Can I what?" Ishan asks, words rolling out of his mouth desperately as he runs his palm heavily over the fabric, letting it slide down to Shubman's thigh.

"S-shut up... Stop it," Shubman whines shyly, averting Ishan's gaze, his cheeks burning up more as Ishan leaned in, peppering his face with soft and feather-light kisses.

"Stop, what? Hmm?" Ishan continued to tease, smirking against Shubman's flushed skin.

"S-stop teasing..."

"Now you don't like teasing?"

"Fuck." Shubman cursed under his breath before he let out a gasp when Ishan leaned in and claimed his lips again, and even without seeing his face, Shubman knew that Ishan was teasing him. "J-just get on with it."

"And you don't like that receptionist Earlier... Were you jealous? Hmm?" Ishan asks, cutting Shubman off as he latches his lips on the latter's neck, playfully licking his throat down to his collarbones.

"I hate it when her eyes are all over you. I hate it... Nngh... H-hate it so much..." Shubman then breathes out a moan, eyes rolling back when Ishan pulls his t-shirt up, exposing his nipples, flicking them with his thumb.

"Hmm... Okay, I got you. What else, baby? What else you don't like?" Ishan asks.

"Hate it when I miss you... Hate it when I can't see you... O-oh my god, Ishan!" Shubman yelps when Ishan suddenly captures his nipple between his teeth, tugging it enough to sting, leaving that prickling heat on the now perked-up bud when his lips leave his skin.

"Is that so? Mhm... Should I chain myself on you, baby? Would you like that?" Ishan asks, rocking his hips back and forth on Shubman's crotch, seeking more pressure and more friction.

"Yeah," Shubman whines, damn near crying.

Ishan can't help but stop for a second, fingers working on releasing the button on Shubman's trousers and reaching for the belt loops to pull them down, along with his briefs, shoes, and socks, slide off his legs and feet.

"Aren't you gonna take this off?" Shubman asks, holding the hem of his GT jersey up. "You like it?"

"Love it... Love it on you so much." Ishan hisses, leaning down for another kiss on the lips as he undoes his belt, pushing his pants and undies down to his ankles, shaking them off, letting them drop on the floor. "Love it enough that I want you in me while you're wearing all this" Ishan says, gritting his teeth as he speaks, reaching for the lube at the bedside table, breathing heavily against Shubman's parted lips.

"W-what? You want me to do what?" Shubman asks, eyes gone wide after hearing Ishan's very tempting proposal.

"I want you to put this on," Ishan says, throwing a condon at Shubman as he sits up, straddling Shubman's hips, pouring a generous amount of lube over his palm, warming it up in his hand before reaching to touch his own behind, shamelessly sliding two digits inside his tight hole, cock throbbing-dripping wet as he looks down on Shubman.

"O-oh, my god... Can't believe you're doing this." Shubman still couldn't believe his own eyes as he continued to watch Ishan spreading himself open for him.

"Not gonna lie, I prefer being on top, but I've also been aching to have your cock." Ishan says, breathing out a low giggle, throwing his head back as the pads of his fingers brushed against his own sweet spot, making him moan out loud. At the same time, Shubman groans to satisfy his need to run his palms over Ishan's toned thighs.

"Fuck do it." Shubmam rambles, feeling the pressure building up in his lower stomach, "I need you on my dick, like, now."

"Hah, that's cheating, baby" Ishan smiles as he breathes out, "I love you too. But have to make sure I'll be in one piece for round two." Ishan says in between his moans, voice breaking as he slides another finger inside his tight hole, bouncing on top of Shubman, absolutely enjoying the damn sinful view under him, sparkling all gold, eyes only on him.

Shubman sits up and positions himself, hugging Ishan's naked frame on top of him, running comforting circles on his sweaty back. They kissed, breathing and moaning on each other's lips for a good few minutes until Ishan felt that he's ready enough to sit up.

"You okay?" Shubman asks, reaching his hand up and softly caressing Ishan's face, a bit worried upon seeing the latter wince while pulling his own fingers out of him. "Yeah... Help me out a bit, baby" Ishan says in low whispers, panting out of breath and hissing as he sits up straight, feeling Shubman's tip against his hole, making him tremble on top of the latter.

"Oh fuck." They both shout in unison when Ishan suddenly sits on Shubman's cock, patience running out, quivering lips curling up to a cocky smirk as he watches Shubman arch his back, eyes shut, mouth stretched out to the sound of his deep moans that are echoing all over the four corners of the room.

Before Shubman can even grip his hips and start moving, Ishan abruptly takes the lead, moving his hips around in circles. More pleasure shoots up Shubman's spine as the other clenches around him. If he's not careful, he may cum right then and there.

Ishan moves faster, keening as he fucks himself onto Shubman's cock without any help from Shubman himself. Shubman only watches him, his skin prickling.

The younger man rasps a cuss out before finding his way to Ishan's neck. "Yeah, keep fucking yourself on my dick, babe." He's so far gone at this point that dirty talk slips out like butter. He may fold in on himself later when he thinks back to this, but as of right now, he's proud of how his naughty words spur Ishan on.

As the elder continues to bounce, his ass slapping against his boyfriend's thighs, Shubman sucks on his pulse point, making Ishan mewl. He comes back to face Ishan soon after, forcibly tugging him back in for more open-mouth kisses. Shubman licks into his mouth before pulling away, breathing in the same air Ishan blows out.

Shubman can see how Ishan's getting tired, his muscles burning from trying to pleasure himself on Shubman's cock. He groans in frustration as he's not able to get to his sweet spot anymore, the exhaustion seeping into his legs. Ishan rides him like his life depended on it.

With a grunt, Shubman pushed himself up, hugging Ishan tight. "Tell me you love me." Shubman says between their kisses, feeling the fire that's threatening to spill out from his lower stomach. "I love you," Ishan says in a heartbeat.

Cupping Ishan's face, claiming the latter's lips for another deep kiss as he comes undone, moaning against Ishan's lips while the latter continues to ride him, milking him dry. They continued to kiss, tongues swirling messily inside each other's mouths, until Shubman breathed out a whine due to overstimulation. Shubman gently lays back, pulling Ishan with him, peppering Ishan's flushed face with soft kisses before his mouth lands on Ishan's lips, kissing him, smiling as the latter kisses him back lazily, spent and tired.

"Did you come too?" Shubman asks, as his eyes travel south.

Ishan can only hum, burrowing his face in the crook of his neck while Shubman happily wraps his hands around his boyfriend, "Your moans are no joke, I love the sound."

Shubman briefly removes himself, not going a great distance but separating far enough to catch Ishan's eyes. as he surveys Ishan's body from top to bottom.

"What are you thinking about?" Ishan asks, his deep voice hushed.

"I'm thinking about how gay I am."

"I appreciate your honesty," Ishan choked on a laugh. "But you literally had a man bouncing on your dick."

Shubman goes back to colliding with Ishan, bringing their lips together and stealing a few pecks. "And I love it," he kisses him. "I love you." Another kiss. "I love you so fucking much, Ish."

Even though he had already said it a million times, Shubman wouldn't stop saying I love you's to Ishan, and he definitely wouldn't stop kissing Ishan at every given second.

.............The end.............

Long ass chapter because my OCD told me not to finish this fic in 31 chapters.

Felt good to see this atleast I got to achieve something in cricket somewhere. Also made me realise writing isn't for me, this will probably be my first and last fic.

Anyways ending it all with my favorite Ishan edits.

https://www.instagram.com/reel/C2xN2xktxQw/?igsh=Y2g3aGE3M2xldjAw

https://www.instagram.com/reel/C6IfUUEPRuW/?igsh=MTZrcnpjYnRqemQzdg==

https://www.instagram.com/reel/C8ZlBSkyggG/?igsh=MTZ4bTc3bWI2cTZqcA== (Seems like shubman loves it too)

.....The links aren't working I'll leave them in comments.