"What do you want?"

“You look like shit,” Mayank said, barging into the room. He shoved the sandwiches into Abhishek’s hands, his eyes scanning the messy room. "You haven't slept, have you?”

Abhishek ran a hand through his unruly hair before taking a swig of his Redbull. “The last time I slept, I had to leaveMeridian,” he said with a snort.

Mayank wrinkled his nose, snatching the Red Bull from him. "Eat something," he gestured towards the sandwiches.

“I don't remember asking you to run errands for me,” Abhishek muttered, unwrapping one for himself.

“I don't have a paper tomorrow,” Mayank said with a shrug. “And I care about you.”

Abhishek paused mid-chew, staring at Mayank. “Don’t make me lose my appetite,” he groaned.

Mayank chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. "Um, goodnight," he muttered after a minute of awkwardly standing there.

“Where are you going?”

“To my room…?”

"You can stay," Abhishek huffed, catching Mayank off guard. Noticing, Abhishek quickly added, "Because I don't want to fall asleep, or I’d really fail this time.”

"Okay," Mayank mumbled, suppressing a smile. "I'll watch over you.”

Abhishek returned to highlighting his notes, giving Mayank a nod and motioning towards the half-eaten sandwich with his pen.

“What?” Mayank asked.

"My hands are busy," Abhishek replied, as if it were obvious.

Mayank bit the inside of his cheek, reminding himself to not laugh. He reached out and took the sandwich, gently feeding it to Abhishek, who glanced up at him, his expression shifting between annoyance and bashfulness.

They sat in comfortable silence for the next hour or two with Mayank scrolling through his phone and occasionally sneaking photos of Abhishek frowning adorably at his books.

“So,” Abhishek spoke first. “About what happened between us…”

“What happened between us?” Mayank asked, raising an amused brow.

Abhishek shot him a glare before clearing his throat. “You know, you told me that…”

“I like you,” Mayank completed. “What about it?”

Abhishek's cheeks flushed crimson. “So, are you going to do something about it or not?” he asked, his tone a mix of irritation and anticipation.

Mayank cautiously moved closer to Abhishek, testing the waters. “You nearly broke your arm last time, Abhi. Do you think you can handle it if I actually do something?”

To subside the sudden nervousness he felt, Abhishek flicked Mayank's forehead, causing the other to let out a small whine.

“See, this is exactly why I can'tdoanything,” Mayank said with a pout.

“That’s–!” Abhishek cursed as he flopped back onto his pillow. “That’s just how I am, I don't know what I want. Actually, you know what? You're wasting your time, Mayank.”

Mayank sighed and slowly lay down beside him. “What do you think I want?” he asked, causing Abhishek to turn and look at him.

“I don't know,” the other mumbled. “A relationship?”

“And you're scared of getting into one?”

“I’m not...scared,” Abhishek grunted. “Look, we’re not like Ishan and Shubman. We’re not the main characters in some love story where the universe is conspiring to bring them together. We’ll fade into an ordinary epilogue, and we’ll have to choose between living an ordinary life– with or without each other. There's no magic waiting for us.”

Mayank stared at him for a long time before smiling softly. “Then I’d choose an ordinary life with you.”

“What?” Abhishek’s eyes widened ever so slightly.

“Just because it's ordinary doesn't mean it's unimportant,” Mayank said with a grin. “Isn't that what Coach says? I’m an ordinary leg-spinner among thousand others, and I would probably never make it to the national team. Should I give up?”

“No, that's not–” Abhishek sat upright, his eyes fixed on Mayank. “It’s not the same.”

“I think it is,” Mayank said gently, resting a comforting hand on Abhishek's back. “We can't go on waiting for an epiphany. It doesn't have to be dramatic. Simple is okay, simple is beautiful. I just want to be with you. I don't care if we don't go on dates, or hold hands, or look at each other the way Ishan and Shubman do. Because we're not them, Abhi. We deserve our own story, and our story doesn't need to be magical. Our story should just feel like ours.”

Abhishek clenched his jaw, his mind reeling, but he kept his gaze locked on Mayank's. "I'm not exactly the romantic type," he blurted out.

"Me neither.”

"I'm not good at expressing my feelings.”

"I’m good at reading body language.”

Abhishek inched closer to Mayank without realizing. “What if we break up?”

Mayank grinned. “What if we don’t?”

Abhishek rolled his eyes, a faint smile tugging at his lips, before ruffling the other's hair.

“Padh le ab,” Mayank muttered. “Warna bolega maine fail karwa diya.”

“Please,” Abhishek scoffed. “I’m smarter than you even in my sleep.”

“Clearly not smart enough if you like me.”

Abhishek started to retort, then burst out laughing. “Did you just roast yourself?”

Mayank blinked. “I– Um.”

“Well, you proved your point at least,” Abhishek said before getting a pillow to his face.

Mayank was quite a doting boyfriend in his own way. He made sure Abhishek didn't neglect his health, brought him snacks to lift his mood on rough days, and listened attentively to his rants about nothing and everything. He’d send (un)funny memes at odd hours, leave ugly doodles on sticky notes at Abhishek's desk, and insist on spontaneous walks when Abhishek sat like a banana on his chair for hours.

"We can't have you wrinkling your pretty face," Mayank said, brushing the other's hair back with a grin.

Abhishek scrunched his nose. "What's with everyone calling me pretty these days?"

“Oh, really?” Mayank's eyebrows shot up. "And who else is?"

Abhishek flashed a small smirk before leaning back. "Guys, girls. You know, anyone with eyes really.”

Mayank blinked, then reached out to lightly furrow Abhishek's eyebrows with his fingers.

“What are you doing?”

“Trying to give you wrinkles.”

Abhishek swatted him away with a snort. So Mayank wasn't really the jealous type, Abhishek mentally crossed the box off his  bingo list.

Buthewas.

"So, this girl in my course was talking about you," Abhishek began.

"Yeah? What'd she say?" Mayank asked distractedly as he plugged in the PlayStation.

"You really want to know?"

"Sure," Mayank replied inattentively, just as he always did when Abhishek recounted details of his day.

Abhishek cleared his throat, pitching his voice high as he imitated, “Markande is a total candy! I just want to run my fingers through his hair and–”

Mayank fell onto the bed, doubling over with laughter. Abhishek rolled his eyes, crossing his arms. “Glad you find it funny.”

Mayank wiped away a tear, still chuckling. “Don’t you?”

“Oh,hilarious.”

“Wow, whoisthis girl?” Mayank laughed.

Abhishek smiled, crossing his arms. “You seem curious.”

Mayank immediately sealed his lips. “Uh, I mean, who is this girl?!” he said in mock anger. “Doesn't she know I have a gorgeous boyfriend?”

Abhishek snorted, shaking his head. "C'mere," he muttered, arms wide open.

It was rare for them to be physically affectionate. They were more like a middle school couple, content just to be in each other's presence. Yet, Mayank cherished the lingering gazes, subtle touches, and unspoken words just as much. He didn't want to rush things.

He smiled, gently holding Abhishek in his arms. "What's up?" he asked, running his hand through the other's hair.

“Nothing”, Abhishek mumbled, though his heart thumped in his chest.

Mayank pulled back slightly, gazing into Abhishek's hesitant eyes. “You can tell me–”

“I want to kiss you,” Abhishek confessed, his eyes trailing down to the other's lips.

Mayank's cheeks flushed. “W-What?”

“Can I?”

Mayank nodded weakly, allowing himself to be drawn closer until their lips met in a slow, tender kiss. It shouldn't have been surprising, considering they had been together for over a month, but Mayank still felt butterflies in his stomach. He hadn't expected Abhishek to make the move, so he was prepared to wait until the other showed signs of being comfortable.

When he regained his senses, he tugged Abhishek closer and lightly nibbled on his lip, asking for entrance. The latter let out a small gasp, letting him deepen the kiss. Their hands tangled in each other's hair as their bodies flushed together.

They pulled apart when Rishabh yelled that dinner was ready. "We should, um, go," Abhishek muttered, rubbing his neck.

"Yeah," Mayank whispered.

Their eyes met in the awkward silence before they burst into chuckles at the blush spreading across each other's faces.

Ishan cleared his throat, trying to get everyone's attention. “I have an important announcement–”

“Rishu, you fucker! That was my chicken!”

“Well, it's in my stomach now.”

“Guys–”

“Arrey koi wo pass karo mujhe.”

“Ketchup?”

“Arrey nahi yaar, wo jo saamne rakha hai.”

“Listen to me–”

“Tillu, bite your food, not me!”

“Can I bite you too, Abhi?”

“Shut up, Markande!”

“CAN YOU ALL NOT SHUT THE FUCK UP FOR ONCE?”

The silence that followed was only punctuated by Ishan's furious, heavy breathing. He let out an exasperated sigh, running his fingers through his hair.

"Jesus, it feels like I'm herding a group of toddlers," he grunted, rolling his eyes. "Anyways, I've got something to announce.”

He challenged anyone to interrupt, a satisfied smile playing on his lips as he noticed everyone's undivided attention. “So,” he added. “Before I send in the final list to the administration, I would like to unofficially declare our new captain.”

Everyone's eyes widened in excitement. “Wait, did you bring the jersey?” Rishabh asked, leaning forward.

"Of course," Ishan grinned as he unfolded the neatly pressed jersey, always marked with the number 1 for the captain.

“You’ve got to do the tradition,” Surya chimed in with a chuckle.

"Oh, right," Ishan cleared his throat, turning to address the first years. "You see, the first captain ofSummit'scricket team came from the volleyball squad, where, as you know, the number 1 belongs to the captain. He was just a benchwarmer in his own team, but had dreams of leading. Fast forward, he led us to the semi-finals of state championship in his third year, and since then, we hadn't made it past that.”

“Until this year, baby!”

“Yeah,” Ishan chuckled. “New captains are required to abandon their previous jersey numbers and accept the one passed on to them because we believe in the importance of sacrifice for the team. It is just the start. This number has been worn by both winning and losing captains, and I want you all to remember that no matter what, they never gave up.”

“I never gave up,” He turned to Tilak beside him. “Neither willyou.”

Tilak's eyes widened, mirroring the surprise on everyone else's face. Then, sudden cheers and hooting erupted in the room. Tilak’s eyes darted around nervously before settling on Ishan. “But bhaiya- I-”

“Welcome your new captain, Tilak Verma,” Ishan announced, his voice filled with pride and warmth.

“Tillu, bada aadmi ho gaya tu toh!”

“I feel like a proud father!”

“Everyone look away, I might cry.”

“You deserve it, Tillu!”

Tilak gulped, his eyes darting nervously to the happy faces around him. “No, no, no,” he muttered. “This has to be a prank, right? There's no way anyone in their right mind would choose me. There's no way I deserve this.”

Ishan's frown deepened, just as the others went silent, their expressions shifting from excitement to concern.

“Hey, what's wrong?” Ishan asked, placing a comforting hand on the other's back.

Tilak let out an abrupt laugh of disbelief. “Don't do this to me, Ishan bhaiya. Don't do this to the team. I’m… I’m a mess. I’ll ruin the glory you brought us.”

“Who are you to decide that?” Ishan's voice cut through the air, firm.

“You heard what my previous teammates said, right? I do not fit in–”

“Is that how you felt all this time?” Ishan said, slightly hurt. “Did we make you feel like you don't fit in?”

Tilak clenched his fists, fighting the urge to turn and run. “It's not you, it's me,” he mumbled.

Rohit clicked his tongue. “You know what? He's right. He doesn't fit in here.”

Tilak glanced up at the guy who dared him to speak, then quickly looked back down, feeling a surge of guilt wash over him.

Rohit added, “Because you don't need to fit in. This is your home, idiot. People don't need to fit in their own homes.”

Ishan shot him a small smile before turning to Tilak. “You wanna argue with that?”

Tilak bit his lip, shaking his head. “That's not what I meant, bhaiya. I love you guys, and that's exactly why I don't want to disappoint you–”

Rishabh landed a sharp slap on his back, causing him to squeal in surprise. “Kyu bey, tu jyotish hai kya?Did you foresee the future where you disappointed us?”

“But–”

“No buts!” Mayank said. “What did we learn about having some self confidence, Tillu?”

Ishan sighed. “Tilak, didn't you hear what I said about our first captain?”

Tilak frowned, tilting his head in confusion. Ishan added, “He was a benchwarmer in his old team. When he came here, he wasn't even a good player initially. How much better can the odds be than this? I don't make decisions lightly, Tilak. No one has practiced harder than you this season. Do you really want to give up without even trying?”

Tears welled up in Tilak's eyes as he shook his head firmly. “But bhaiya, I don't deserve—”

“Tilak,” Ishan interrupted, pulling him out of his thoughts. “Do youwantit?”

“Y-Yes.”

“Then fucking have it.”

Ishan handed the jersey to him, the number 1 prominently displayed on the back. Tilak hesitated for a moment, then accepted with trembling hands. As he held it, the weight of the moment sank in. The hopeful eyes on him carried more trust and belief than he had ever had in himself.

"You've got this, Tillu," Hardik said, grinning.

Tilak nodded weakly, managing to smile through his tears, letting himself believe for once.

"Yaar, phirse royega ye ab," Siraj said with a groan, prompting chuckles from the others.

Amidst the cheers and jeering, Tilak felt an encouraging pat on his shoulder. Ishan stared at him through his own tears that were starting to form.

“Take care of my home,” he whispered.

For the first time that evening, Tilak nodded without any hesitation. “I will, ofourhome.”

+

Classof 2019 | Graduation

“...We extend our heartfelt congratulations and deepest gratitude toMr. Ishan Kishanfor his unwavering dedication, exceptional leadership, and exemplary service to our cricket team under his captaincy. He leaves behind a legacy of our first state championship trophy and fills us with renewed hopes…”

“... Please welcomeMr. Tilak Verma, who has been passed on the esteemed jersey number 1 and will assume the role of the 13th captain of theSummitCricket Team. We wish him the best of luck for his journey…”

“...We also extend our best wishes for a happy retirement toMr. Ravi Shastri, whose guidance has nurtured numerous prodigious talents over the years,Mr. Kishanbeing one of them…”

“Farewell, Shastri Sir. Farewell, Ishan. May you never stop seeking the summit and beyond.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:i just went full anime mode after theabhiyankpart lmao. im so happy i could carry the sports in sports romance for this story. it’s kind of a bummer that the most boring part to write were the ishman moments, simply because i lowkey despise romance and stuff. but writing the teams and their bonding was so much fun for me. it’s like im saying bye to people i’ve known personally. hate to say it, but the end is near :)