•ISHAN KISHAN•

She approaches me with dramatic steps, her curly hair bouncing with each movement. As she reaches me, she genuflects, offering me a ring, and mimicking, "Will you be the chocolate of my hot chocolate?"

I smile at her antics, stretching out my hand to take the ring from her. It's a beautiful diamond ring.

"Can you believe he literally proposed to me like that in front of everyone?" She stands up, and I hand the ring back to her. She slips it onto her ring finger.

"It's cute, though," I remark.

"It was embarrassing," she says, rolling her eyes.

This is Aanya. She used to be my neighbor,her parents and mine are close friends, and she's like a sister to me. Currently, she's living here in Hyderabad. When she heard I was in town for my match, she came to see me during practice and now she's here, narrating the whole story about how her boyfriend proposed to her.

"Where is Shubman?" she asks abruptly. "Your boyfriend."

Shubman. Yes, where is he? Is he going to ignore me again? Earlier this evening, as I was heading to the dressing room, I saw him hiding between the dugout chairs. It was hilarious because, with his tall figure, he was impossible to miss.

"Maybe he's with the teammates," I say, dialing his number. "Let me call him."

Once.Twice.Thrice.

He doesn't pick up.

I give Aanya an awkward smile. "He might be busy somewhere."

"Oh," her smile dims. "I really wanted to meet him."

"It's okay. We're here for two more days, so I'll make sure you meet him."

She nods. "Okay, gotta go then."

She gives me a hug and leaves. I stare at my phone.He needs to stop doing this. To me.

After two more hours of waiting for him, I knock on Shrey's door.

"Is Shubman with you?" I ask, peeking behind him to get a look, but I see no one.

"No, I haven't seen him since practice," Shrey replies.

"Oh," I say, my disappointment evident.

Shrey senses it and asks, "Everything's fine, right?"

"Yeah, everything is fine," I lie, though my heart feels otherwise. "He must be strolling somewhere."

Everything is fine except my heart.

I dial Shubman's number one more time. The phone rings, but he doesn't pick up. He did this last night as well.

This morning, when I woke up, I found myself snuggled against him. It wasn't unusual, but I discovered something: his hold was never strong. It was just me who didn't want to get away from the warmth, so I pretended I couldn't get up.

I've done pretty questionable things, and this is just another one to add to the list.

______

"Aahhh," I whimper, holding my neck as soon as I wake up. Taking in my awkward position, I realize I fell asleep last night waiting for him again. How long is he going to play this game of ignoring me?

But but Something is off. I scan the room, still holding my neck to avoid the pain from movement. Everything is as it was last night.

I don't see his phone or watch on the side table. Did he sleep somewhere else? When is this boy going to grow up and stop doing silly things?

It's possible he woke up early and left for breakfast, but why was I in such an awkward position in bed? Didn't he try to ease me up? Is he upset with me?

But he isn't even talking to me, so how can he be upset with me? I should be the one upset with him.

I check the bathroom, confirming my suspicion-he didn't come here. He didn't sleep here, nor did he shower here.

Then Where is he?

I quickly dial his number, but this time it says switched off. He might have forgotten to charge it, and the battery drained out.

I shoot a quick message in the team group asking about him. Everyone replies almost immediately, but the responses are not what I expect. No one knows where Shubman is, and that's not a good sign.

Where the hell is this boy?

I ask everyone to meet at the dining hall. Nobody thinks it's worrisome that Shubman isn't here because it's normal for team members to wander the city on their own. But what's not normal is that no one has seen him since last evening, and no one knows his whereabouts. And his phone is now switched off.

When I share these details, everyone's expressions turn grim. Kuldeep bhaiya is the first to speak. "I saw him leaving the hotel last evening shortly after we returned from practice." Everyone turns their attention to him. "I even called him, but he didn't stop as if he didn't hear me."

"Did anyone see him after that?" asks Rohit bhaiya, looking around.

We all shake our heads.

"Why did he leave the hotel, and where did he go?" Virat bhaiya asks, more to himself than anyone else, and no one has an answer.

Suddenly, Jassi bhaiya's head snaps toward Rohit bhaiya. "Wait, I think I saw him last night," he says urgently, trying to recollect his memory, "Maybe near the pool area. He was going toward the back of the hotel."

"Are you sure it was Shubman?" Hardik bhaiya questions.

"I saw his back, but it was him," Jassi bhaiya replies with enough certainty.

"And what time was it?" inquires Virat bhaiya.

"I think it was around 9 or 9:30ish."

A moment of silence follows as we try to process this information. Then Shrey speaks, catching me off guard. "But if he was in the hotel, why didn't he go to his room, which he is sharing with Ishan?" His question is directed at me.

What am I supposed to answer? Tell them that he confessed to me the day before yesterday, and now he thinks I'll eat him alive if he comes near me or breathes the same air?

I try to deflect the question. "I don't know. I called him thrice yesterday, but he didn't pick up. I waited for him quite late but then dozed off. This morning, his phone was switched off."

The tension in the room increases with each passing minute. I feel guilty-what if he is doing all this because of me?

Rohit bhaiya turns to me. "We should ask his manager. Maybe he knows something. Do you have his number?"

I hadn't thought of that. "No, I don't, but I can ask my manager for Darshan's number."

A few minutes later, I receive Darshan's number and dial it.

"Hello, Darshan. Do you know where Shubman is? Did he call you? Does he have any shoot or event to attend here? Did you two meet yesterday or today?" I ask in one breath without giving him a chance to speak.

"Calm down, Ishan. What happened?" His voice sounds as if I've disturbed him during an important meeting. "The last contact I had with him was two days ago, and no, he didn't have any shoot in Hyderabad."

Oh no. Darshan was our last hope, and he also doesn't know about Shubman. Now things are getting a bit too serious for my liking.

"Darshan, we can't find him, and his phone is switched off too."

Virat bhaiya asks for the phone, so I hand it to him. "Hello, Darshan. Can you please find out if he has any friends living here where he might have gone, or any place in particular where he might go? ...Okay... Please hurry." He cuts the call and hands the phone back to me.

"We should check the hotel ourselves. What if he is here?" suggests Kuldeep bhaiya.

Right. Jassi bhaiya claims he saw him in the hotel last night, so there's a high chance he's still here.

Everyone agrees and starts going in different directions.

"I swear to God, if I find him dozed off somewhere in the hotel, I am going to kick his ass," Hardik bhaiya says, his tone a mix of worry and frustration.

"Not before me," chimes in Virat bhaiya.

Not before me, I say internally.

After the 'Shubman Hunt,' which ends in disappointment judging by everyone's expressions, we all gather in Virat bhaiya's room, now all looking tense and worried.

"Everyone, don't panic," Virat bhaiya starts, though he looks more panicked than anyone. "What if he went to some place nearby without informing us, and then his phone died?" He tries to sound convincing.

"Yes," Rohit bhaiya supports his theory. "We should go out and check, and if we can't find him, then..." An ominous pause. We all know what he's going to say. "Then we'll file a complaint."

We are on our way out of the hotel when my phone rings. It's Darshan. He informs me that Shubman doesn't have any friends living here, but he gives me the names of two or three places where Shubman might have gone.

Quickly, we divide ourselves into three groups of five and start our search.

~~~

Shubman stop stripping yourself in club and get back to your man -

•

Life is throwing lemonsBut lemonade nahi ban Raha -

This is the last drama of the book after this everything will fall into place and happy ending!