“How are you?”

Aditi felt a surge of bitterness at the warmth in his voice, the gentle creasing at the corners of his eyes, and the way they lit up with that painfully familiar spark as he drew closer to her.

"Ishan," she breathed his name like a gust of spring air.

He looked... beautiful, just as he did the last time she saw him. Two months of avoiding him seemed to crumble in an instant as he pulled her into a hug.

"How are you, Adi?” he asked again.

She smiled, averting her gaze. "Good," she nodded.

"Good," Ishan echoed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Um, you’ve got some time until you head back, right?”

Aditi fidgeted with the strap of her watch, debating what excuse to use. “Mom just called, actually, I need to–”

“Just a walk,” Ishan cut in. “For old time’s sake?”

Aditi’s eyes softened as she nodded, her resolve melting away. She had to remind herself that she could no longer reach out to hold his hand, slide their fingers together as they walked around aimlessly. You can forget a person, but how do you forget a habit?

“I think it's great,” she spoke. “Tilak being the new captain.”

Ishan smiled. “I know, right? That idiot underestimates himself.”

“Reminds me of you,” Aditi said with a small smile.

"Yeah," Ishan chuckled. "I've improved though, haven't I?"

"I've always believed in you," Aditi said, pausing before hesitantly ruffling his hair. "You will go on to live a great life, Ishan.”

And I won't be a part of it.

"I know it’s selfish to ask, but... you'll be there, won't you?" Ishan asked, glancing back at her.

"Where?"

"In my life," Ishan replied, letting out a short laugh. "I guess it wouldn't be that great without you.”

Aditi didn't want to cry, that was the only reason she looked away from him. “Yeah,” she mumbled. “Of course, I’ll be there.”

As if she could belong anywhere else.

Ishan shot her a warm smile as they strolled along. “We’re together,” he said after a while. “Me and Shubman.”

“Oh,” she muttered. “That's great! I’m so happy for you, Ish.”

Ishan grinned and high-fived her. “Turns out we’ve been together for years and didn’t know it,” he paused. “Um, sorry…”

Aditi waved dismissively. “Come on, we’re best friends, right? If anything, I’ll be waiting to hear all the gossip about yourboyfriend.”

Ishan giggled, and Aditi almost squeezed him with a hug. Instead, she settled for pulling his cheek. "I'll really miss you, Ish," she said.

"Don't talk like we'll never see each other again," Ishan groaned.

When Aditi just smiled, he insisted, "Wewillsee each other again, okay?"

"Okay," she muttered with a smile.

“You have to come to my first match when I get a contract.”

“Have you been attending the trials?”

Ishan nodded, a nervous yet hopeful glint in his eyes. “Scouts have been reaching out to Coach about me and the guys. I got a whiff that theMumbai Indiansare considering taking me on as a trainee to see how things work out.”

Aditi's eyes widened as a smile lit up her face. “Oh my god, Ish!” she squealed, habitually pulling him into a hug. “That's the best thing I’ve heard all day!”

Ishan beamed. “If I play well, maybe I can eventually get into the national team too. God, I don't know if I should be happy yet, but I really want to do this right, Adi. I need to repay everyone– Mom, Dad, my boys, andyou.”

Aditi rolled her eyes playfully. “Okay, then I want free tickets to your matches. Lifetime. Think you can swing that?”

“Your wish is my command, Ma’am,” Ishan laughed.

Aditi’s eyes softened as she looked at him. And in that moment, none of it mattered. It didn't matter that Ishan didn't love her back. It didn't matter that he was heralmost. It didn't matter that she would spend the rest of her life trying not to need him. All that mattered was that he was there, with her, despite everything.

No love, however brief, is ever wasted. She did not regret loving him, even though she knew that his name would be at the tip of her tongue when someday her daughter would have her first heartbreak. The hurt, however immense, was a receipt of her love. It was proof that she loved. She loved, and she had to pay the price. But she'd do it all over again in a heartbeat.

That was what it meant to love someone like Ishan. And there was a whole life in it, in knowing that youloved. Aditi concluded that heartbreaks were overrated. She believed that to love someone was to give them the permission to not love you back.

"Thank you," Aditi whispered. "For coming into my life.”

She finally found the closure she needed, the one that had kept her from moving on.

You love him, the story still ends.

“I’m so excited!” Dhruv exclaimed for what felt like the tenth time. “Aren't you?”

“Definitely not more than you,” Shreyas said with an amused chuckle.

“Yashu finally gets to be the captain. Of course, I’m excited,” Dhruv beamed. “You don't know how much he’s wanted this.”

Yashasvi, sitting beside him, offered a small smile. “We don't know for sure yet.”

Dhruv clicked his tongue. “Who else but you? Despite you being a brat to him, we all know how much Shub bhaiya trusts you.”

Yashasvi bit the inside of his cheek, his fingers fidgeting with each other. When Dhruv nudged him, he looked up with a deliberate frown. “I’m not a brat. Gill is a fucking–”

“The next word better be something nice,” Shubman chimed in as he flopped down next to the boys.

“Shouldn’t you be packing your bags and, I don't know,leave?”

Shubman clutched his chest dramatically. “Ouch. Cold as ever.”

Dhruv grinned, slinging an arm around Yashasvi. “We will really miss you, bhaiya. Won't you too, Yashu?”

Yashasvi simply snorted, causing Shubman to let out a deep sigh. “I’ll miss everyone too. Not Yashu though, you ungrateful cat!”

"What– I AM NOT A CAT!"

"Yes, you are. Those who get it, get it."

"You need to get some braincells.”

“And you need to get some bitches you little shi–”

"What are you guys even talking about?" Virat cut in, shooting them an annoyed look. "Come on, it's time for convocation.”

Shubman flashed a thumbs up, ruffling the younger ones' hair before fixing his tie as he rose. “You guys go ahead, I’m coming.”

Once the others left, Yashasvi cleared his throat. “Good luck with everything… bhaiya.”

Shubman’s eyebrows shot up in surprise as he slowly turned to face Yashasvi. A wide grin spread across his face, and the other groaned, realizing the teasing he had just invited upon himself.

“Did you just call me–”

“Shut up, Gill.”

Shubman giggled, jumping on the younger one’s back. “Oh, to think I’ve lived to hear you call me bhaiya. Can you say it again, I want to record it–”

"Get off, you're ruining my suit,” Yashasvi yelled, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment.

Shubman shook his head, reveling in the other's misery. “This is for being the most difficult teammate. Come on, to the left!”

Yashasvi groaned, but complied anyway. “You're heavy, fatass.”

“Can't even carry my weight, how will you bear the weight of captaincy? Shubman clicked his tongue.

Yashasvi paused, his jaw tightening in response. “I told you I–”

Shubman pressed a comforting hand on his shoulder as he got back down. “I know,” he said softly. “Sorry, muscle memory. Did you tell Dhruv?”

Yashasvi shook his head. “He’ll know by the next hour anyway.”

Shubman wanted to chide him for it, to warn Yashasvi about the hurt he might cause Dhruv, but seeing how tensed his body was, he held back. "If that's what you want," he sighed.

“Thank you, Captain,” Yashasvi whispered, finally smiling.

Shubman smiled in return, looking ahead. “Let's go, or I might cry.”

“So lame.”

“Shut up.”

“You shut up.”

Dhruv was grinning ear to ear, nudging his best friend excitedly as Shubman made his way onto the stage.

“Should we send a photo to Ishan bhaiya?”

Yashasvi scoffed. "I bet Gill had him on FaceTime while getting ready.”

“...With great honor and pride, we announceMr. Shubman Gill, captain of theMeridianCricket Team, as one of our distinguished graduates. His unwavering dedication, passion, and relentless drive for victory have propelled us to glory in the state championships twice under his leadership. We are grateful to have had the privilege of nurturing such prodigious talent within our ranks…”

“...We requestMr. Gillto do the honor of announcing the next captain in line and passing the torch to him…”

Dhruv turned to Yashasvi, slapping his back with enough force to make him stumble forward. “Go, hurry!”

Yashasvi closed his eyes, shaking his head.

Shubman smiled, gently tapping on the mic a few times before speaking. “It has been an absolute privilege to lead this team. As I step down from my role as the captain, I am honored to pass the mantle to a dear teammate and deserving successor,Mr. Dhruv Jurel.I have every confidence that Dhruv will lead with integrity, passion, and commitment to excellence, and I entrust him with the responsibility of leading our team to even greater heights. May our legacy soar in the meridian forever. Here's your captain signing off, goodnight and godspeed.”

Dhruv felt his throat parched. He didn't know how he managed to walk onto the stage and accept the sash from Shubman. Why was he smiling? Why was everyone clapping? Why was he here instead of Yashasvi? Dhruv's eyes found their way to his best friend, standing there with a smile. It looked strained, like he was sorry for something.

Something more than just this.

"We would also like to congratulateMr. Yashasvi Jaiswal," the host spoke. "He will soon commence his training at the NCA camp and contribute to the India A team. While it's with mixed emotions that we bid farewell to this exceptional young talent two years ahead of schedule, we fully support his decision to prioritize the start of his career above all else. Best of luck,Mr. Jaiswal. Remember, you're always welcome back home.”

Dhruv was happy. How could he not be? After all, this was what Yashasvi had always dreamed of – being in the front,leading. But this was better, wasn't it? The stars had to align for this moment. Dhruv was happier than anyone else could be for his best friend. But it still hurt. To have not heard it from Yashasvi himself. To feel soalonein front of hundreds of people.

"You knew?" he mumbled, glancing at Shubman, who nodded weakly.

"He's leaving," he added in another whisper. Shubman simply patted his back, leaving traces of sympathy behind.

Dhruv didn't deserve to feel betrayed. Yashasvi didn't owe him anything. He probably just wanted to surprise him. So, why did he look like he was about to cry?

"I think I’ve seen this before," Shubman sighed under his breath.

Shreyas glanced at Yashasvi and Dhruv, frozen in place like statues. “Let's hope your stupidity didn't rub off on Yashu,” he quipped.

“How dare you?” Shubman grumbled, taking a swig of his drink. As his phone buzzed, he took it out and smiled at the text. “I’ve got to be somewhere. Guess, I’ll head out early then?”

Shreyas nodded, clinking their glasses again. “Say hi to Ishan.”

Shubman grinned, waving. He spared one last glance at his two juniors before pointedly warning, “Make sure they don't fight, especially don't let one of themleave. Not everyone gets three years.”

“Huh?”

“Nothing.” Shubman gives a quick hug to him before walking away. “See you around.”

“Goodbye, Captain.”

Yashasvi rarely struggled with emotions. Probably because he didn't worry much about others' reactions. But with Dhruv, it was different. He cared for him, maybe even too much.

“Dhruv, I wanted to tell you–”

“Wait for me,” he breathed out, interrupting Yashasvi.

“What?”

Dhruv smiled. "Wait for me. In two years, I'll be at your level," he said. "I'll beat you someday.”

Yashasvi relaxed, a soft smile slowly gracing his lips. “Okay,” he muttered.

“And we will join the national team together.”

“Okay,” he repeated.

“And I’ll ask you out then.”

Yashasvi blushed furiously but managed to muster a weak, "Okay.”

Dhruv enveloped him in a tight hug, ruffling his hair gently. "So, wait for me," he whispered.

“I will,” Yashasvi promised.

“You deserve it, Yashu,” Dhruv said as he pulled away. “Go be the biggest star the world has ever seen.”

It was the first time Dhruv had seen his best friend smiling as wide as he was, and he wanted to freeze the time to savour it.

“You too, Captain.”

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:the closure for everyone ends here. now the part i’d been dreading the most... the smut. koi likh do yaar mujhse nahi hoga aur ab. uske baad epilogue, aur uske baad tata bye bye fuck this shit im out.

give me some ideas for the smut. kuch bhi na likhu meri marzi chale toh but anyways. ghum phir kar phirtanavaa gaya: top and bottom? (mai toh switch likhungi mkc baaki apna apna dekh lo)