a/n:i swear to god this was the most stressed i'd ever been to write something. went through writer’s block, cringe attacks, guilt episodes, and a whole existential crisis while  reminding myself to never write smut again.

i found a solution to the top/bottom discourse (for the sake of my own sanity). i offer: top+sub shubman & bottom+dom ishan. for this scene, that is. idc bruh i lost my braincells writing this shit.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

"Shubman, your phone's going off."

Ishan tilted his head in front of the mirror, a lock of hair falling over his forehead. A haircut was due, but his boyfriend preferred him with longer hair. It was easier to pull his head back when they made out, Shubman said.

“Ishan,please.”

“Fine,” he sighed, reaching for the phone tucked in Shubman's pocket.

"Hey, Yashu," he smiled, even though the other couldn't see him. "How’s the NCA treating you? Good luck for today's match. Hm, Shubman? I’m afraid he’s a little… busy. Sure, I’ll remind him. Bye.”

Ishan looked over at his boyfriend. "He wants you to call him back.”

Shubman's jaw tightened as he squirmed in his chair. "I'd do that if you'd fucking untie me.”

Ishan's lips curled into a smile, his fingers slowly tracing the contours of Shubman's bound hands, tethered behind the chair’s spine. “Now, there’s no fun in that.”

Shubman's eyes darkened as he leaned in closer to the other’s face. “Won’t be fun for your body once I’m out of this. Don't forget whose turn it is today.”

“Oh, I didn't.” Ishan clicked his tongue. “I’m being such a good boy, not even wearing anything under my shirt. Or is it yours? I’ve lost track with how many times we’ve fucked each other in this.”

“Ishan,” Shubman breathed his name like a begging. He fought the urge to keep staring at Ishan's thighs, exposed beneath the transparent white shirt that barely covered anything. “Baby, please.”

“Please what?”

"Let me touch you," Shubman whispered, trying to edge closer to his boyfriend before being pulled back by the darned tie around his wrists.

Ishan shot him a smile far too innocent for the torment he was putting Shubman through. “You and I both know you can free yourself anytime you want, meri jaan," he whispered. “You just enjoy being helpless in front of me. Like the little slut you are.”

Shubman felt his dick twitch. He shot a wry smile at the other. “Rich coming from someone who gets off on being manhandled.”

Ishan shrugged it off, settling on Shubman's lap instead. “You’re hard already?” he asked, amused.

"Maybe if you stopped being so fucking hot,” Shubman murmured, trailing his lips slowly across Ishan's neck.

Ishan pulled away, teasing Shubman who whined at the loss of touch. “Don’t lie,” he whispered. “You’d gladly burn.”

"Can't argue with that," Shubman groaned as Ishan started grinding on his crotch. “You're being very mean, Ish.”

“You love it.” Ishan smiled as he felt Shubman growing harder beneath him, grunting as Ishan increased the pace of rocking.

Shubman almost came when Ishan kissed him, pulling him closer by his hair, just like he usually did to Ishan. Talk about being down bad. He wasn't even in the headspace to feel embarrassed. Ishan nipped at Shubman’s lower lip and stifled a laugh when he was met with a grunt but little resistance, flicking his tongue and swirling it around.

A hand slid under Shubman's shirt, making him almost shiver. He broke off from the kiss, quietly panting as heat aburned in his cheeks. Embarrassing. Ishan seemed ready, eager even, to take control, and Shubman almost convinced himself to hand it over and become putty in his boyfriend's hands like last time. But then a thumb and finger caught his chin and Ishan forced him to look back at him again.

Haze settled in Ishan's eyes. His cheeks also held a faint tint, but he was unbothered. “Can I ride you?”

“Yes please,” Shubman replied immediately like the obedient boyfriend he was.

Ishan released a shuddering breath as he reached between them to take Shubman's boxers off, letting it fall to the ground with a quiet thump. Shubman tensed a little at how exposed he felt with his cock out in the open and his hands tied up (he could free them, but who wants that?).

“Relax,” Ishan muttered, letting go and sliding his arms around Shubman's neck for support as he rolled his hips and ground into the other's lap again.

Breath tickled Ishan's ears, and he shivered when Shubman growled lowly. A warning. And a sign of dwindling patience. He felt it in the way Shubman's teeth sunk on his neck, torn between trying to keep him from moving or rocking into the slow pace of Ishan's motions. Ishan half-considered seeing how much he could get away with and how far he could push Shubman's buttons before the man snapped and took him by force, but he had a revenge to take.

Shubman's eyes grew hooded as Ishan used his spit to lube up two fingers before slowly thrusting and curling them inside himself. Ishan's brows were knitted in pleasure as he fingered himself over Shubman's rock-hard dick. Letting out a shaky groan, Shubman scratched at the chair's spine needily. He propped himself up slightly, almost snapping free and pouncing on his boyfriend.

“I'm losing my patience, baby,” Shubman grunted.

Ishan ignored him, moaning to himself as heat coiled in the pit of his stomach. He imagined Shubman's long, slender fingers pushing into his walls and sending him over the edge. Before he realized, his other hand had slipped into his own pants, wrapping around his dick.

“Ishan,don't,” Shubman said sternly.

“Shu…bi– ah,” Ishan ignored the other as he jerked himself off, panting with each stroke.

“Stop it,” Shubman gritted out, feeling himself lose his composure. He was so hard, it was starting to get painful.

Ishan didn't look the least bit guilty as his dark eyes met Shubman's desperate ones. “Now you know how it feels, don't you?”

Shubman was nowhere in the right mind to get Ishan's point, if not for the smugness on the other's face. He stared at him incredulously, “You can't be serious. That's so petty!”

“I held a grudge over you for three years, Shubman. You should know how petty I can be,” Ishan muttered as he trailed with a low moan, driving himself to an orgasm.

“Did you just–” Shubman let out a desperate whine as he pushed his hips upwards in need of any friction.

Ishan cut him off by propping his cum-slicked fingers towards Shubman, a knowing smile spreading across his lips. “Lick it clean,” he said.

Shubman’s eyes widened, his throat bobbing as he nodded, pliantly sucking on them.

“Such a cumslut,” Ishan teased, slowly wrapping his other hand around Shubman's dick. The latter moaned around Ishan’s fingers, finally getting the contact he craved.

“This is for being such a good whore,” Ishan added as he coated Shubman’s cock in lube and lifted his hips slightly, guiding the tip to his entrance. Sucking in a sharp breath, he sank down on the length of Shubman’s cock, letting out a low whine as he was filled to the hilt. It was overwhelming how good Shubman felt inside of him, stretching him open and bottoming out in him.

In the early months of their relationship, Ishan thought he would prefer being taken from behind, but they soon discovered it was more of Shubman’s forte on days the younger wasn't taking charge. So Ishan stuck to being on top, regardless of whose turn it was to get fucked.

“A little f-faster…” Shubman whimpered around Ishan's fingers, slamming his hips up.

Ishan withdrew his fingers, causing the other to let out a grunt at the loss of warmth. “Good whores should know how to beg,” Ishan said, flicking the other's right nipple. Leaning forward against Shubman, he looped his arms around Shubman’s neck again and slowly lifted his hips up and back down, sinking down and taking in every inch of Shubman's cock that tore a strangled cry from his throat.

“Faster,” Shubman repeated in a pleading voice. “Please, Ishan. I’m going insane at this rate. Fuck, baby–”

Ishan cursed as he started growing hard again, his nails digging painful crescents into Shubman's back. “You're lucky I love you,” he huffed, his own hips stuttering as he pushed Shubman further and further toward the edge until he threatened to tip over. He pounded himself on Shubman's dick at a brutal pace, his eyes rolling back when it hit the spot.

The thrusting grew erratic and Shubman's soft moans were like music to Ishan's ears when he tightened around the other's cock. Every squeeze of his inner walls awarded him with more of that lovely noise he wanted to drown in.

Shubman buried his face in Ishan's neck, lips flushed against warm skin, and he groaned loudly, merely pulling out as he spilled outside. An electrifying shudder ran up Ishan's spine as he watched his boyfriend climax, a sight he would never be tired of. A blissed out Shubman collapsed against his chest, struggling to catch his breath. Both of their lungs burned with every gasp.

“I love you,” Shubman whispered with a lazy smile, looking up at his boyfriend.

Ishan scrunched his nose fondly, pecking the other’s cheek. “I love you more,” he replied before slowly getting and settling on the bed instead. “Motherfucker, I can't feel my ass.”

“Don't look at me! You did that to yourself this time.”

Ishan scoffed, throwing a paper towel at him. “I’m showering first,” he said, heading towards the bathroom.

“Without me?” Shubman pouted.

Ishan flipped him the middle finger without as much as a glance, causing the other to giggle. Shubman winced as the tie binding his hands finally began to dig into his skin. He tried to wriggle free. Once, twice, thrice.

Fuck.

“Um, Ish? I think I’m stuck.”

Safe to say, it was the longest shower Ishan had ever taken, and the longest time Shubman had spent staring at his own dick hanging out open in the air.