December, 2022

The night before Ishan scored his double ton against Bangladesh, he couldn't sleep. He tossed and turned in his bed, his hand instinctively reaching out for Shubman, only to meet the cold mattress each time. Giving up on sleep, he stepped out onto the balcony. The cold air nipped at his skin, and his breath formed little clouds under the winter moon. The moon had always been his companion during his bouts of insomnia, especially in the absence of his boyfriend, who, might he add, was his very own portable moon.

Ishan smiled, the soft silver glow illuminating the gentle curve of his lips. Sometimes, it felt like a surreal dream how the world had taken off for him in the past three years. Getting scouted as a regular forMumbai Indians, his T20I debut, ODI debut– everything happened like a whirlwind. He often felt a supernova simmering within him, a familiar unrest preventing his bustling atoms from finding equilibrium. But he liked it. He liked that he always wanted to gobeyond. Besides, he had Shubman to instill some sense of accomplishment in his head from time to time.

Ishan pulled out his phone, his fingers driving him to his gallery as he fondly scrolled through the memories. Half of them were filled with dorky pictures of Shubman, and their impromptu dates. He chuckled as he came across a video of Shubman tripping down the stairs, rather embarrassingly in front of the whole team. Scrolling further down, Ishan grinned at the random spiral of photos Tilak and Dhruv had sent over the years, which rarely made sense. The rivalry betweenSummitandMeridiancontinued, although Hardik and Rishabh weren't satisfied with the updates, claiming the ‘fire’ had dwindled– whatever that meant.

Ishan blinked as a text notification popped up, wondering who would be online at such an hour. He smiled when he read Aditi’s good luck message.

thanksssadi

Why are you still up?

wdymim literally asleep

IshanGo to bedOr else

okay okayim not arguing with a womanwhatever you say beautiful ;)

…..I’m telling Shubman

Ishan chuckled, knowing she must be laughing too. He was glad they could still make each other smile. He was glad she let him stay in her life. He was glad for all he had gained and lost to be where he was today.

He sent her a goodbye before deciding to try sleeping again, the comforting weight of the happiness others wished for him settling on his chest. Even at his worst, he never had a reason strong enough to give up. It was no epiphany, but he always knew something in him would save him from utter ruin. That's just something he believed.

Shubman believed in Ishan. He believed in the man who leaped across the pitch in joy after scoring his first double century. Watching his boyfriend on the highlights for the third time in a row, Shubman couldn't help but tear up a little.

"So lame," Abhishek muttered, passing a tissue to Shubman.

"You're one to talk," Mayank scoffed, glancing at Abhishek, who was blinking aggressively to fight back tears.

“Shut up! I’m so proud of him!”

Mayank smiled, ruffling his boyfriend’s hair. “Yeah,” he mumbled, turning to the TV. “Me too.”

Shubman's cheeks were aching from the wide smile that stretched across his face, his heart swelling with love as he gazed at Ishan, who was shining brighter than the sun. “Guys, is this my sign to propose?”

Abhishek chuckled. "Didn't take you for someone to propose."

"Yeah, he'd just marry Ishan on a random Tuesday if he could," Mayank laughed.

Shubman smiled before sighing. "Yeah, as if that's ever going to happen. Not without losing our hard-earned careers.”

"If you disappear from the country, have an impromptu wedding in Venice within twenty-four hours, avoid joining the mile high club while returning,andget out without a trace of sex hair at the airport, it might just happen," Mayank joked.

Shubman rolled his eyes, tossing a piece of popcorn into his mouth. “Seriously though, I want to do something for him.”

“Bake him a cake or something,” Abhishek offered.

Mayank snorted. “Oh, he's already got one of those.”

“Watch your man, Abhi.”

Abhishek sighed, smacking both of them. “Let's just think of ideas, not that you two have the brains for that.”

Shubman pouted, turning back to the screen, which now showed a wild Rishabh jumping on Hardik's back before transitioning to Ishan's post-match interview. Shubman's ears perked up as he heard his boyfriend say, "Back home, everyone has been so supportive. This was for them. I really miss my friends. Maybe New Year's can be special, haha."

"Got it!" Shubman exclaimed, startling the other two. "Pack your bags, we've got places to be."

Abhishek blinked. "We're supposed to be planning something for Ishan, not for us, dude.”

"Call the boys," Shubman said, pulling out his phone from his pocket. "Tell Yashu he better come, or I’m dragging his ass from the NCA, I don't care.”

Mayank sighed. “I don't think he'll come, Shubman–”

“Tell him I’m getting married.”

“Are you?” Abhishek raised an eyebrow.

“No.”

Mayank shook his head, then rolled his eyes and texted Yashasvi anyway. “Shubman is getting married to some girl. Help me in murdering him. Sent.”

Shubman snorted. "What?" he asked Abhishek, who was eyeing him skeptically.

“What's on your mind, kake?”

Shubman grinned. “It's been too long, hasn't it?”

Abhishek smiled softly, nodding. “Yeah.”

Ishan found it odd that Virat was grinning from ear to ear throughout their entire flight. Especially odd when the other kept giggling while whispering something into Rishabh's ears, who also did the same. Ishan hated feeling left out of an inside joke, so he decided to ask Hardik about the matter.

“What’s everyone giggling about today?”

Hardik paused his music, frowning. “Man, I've been getting the lyrics all wrong. Apparently, it'sI love you the mostand notI love you toast.”

“Isn't that obvious?” Ishan deadpanned. “Ugh, Harry, listen to me!”

“Keep talking, Ishu baby,” the other muttered as he read the lyrics. “They should pronounce their Ms better–”

“Hardik!”

“Huh?” A confused Hardik finally turned his attention to Ishan.

Ishan huffed as Rishabh whispered something to Surya, and they both chuckled while glancing at him. “Is there something on my face? Why does everyone keep giving me funny looks?” he asked.

Hardik shrugged. “It's Shubman.”

“What?”

"Shubman said– mmph!"

Rahul quickly covered Hardik's mouth and flashed a tight-lipped smile at Ishan. "Shubman saidto have a safe journey. Now, if you'll excuse us, I'd like to have a talk with Harry.”

Ishan pouted, watching his last ray of hope being dragged away by his teammates. Since when did they start favoring Shubman over him? Sulking for the rest of the flight, Ishan eventually drifted off to sleep against the window.

"Are you dumb?" Rahul hissed.

"Sorry, I am!" Hardik yelped, his big brown eyes scanning the blank faces of the others.

Rahul blinked. "What?"

"I mean, I am sorry!" Hardik rephrased.

Rohit sighed. “Don’t just come at him, you all were being obvious enough.”

Virat pouted, slinging an arm around Rishabh. “Easy for you to keep quiet, you've been sleeping for hours! Normal people get bored, panda.”

Rohit waved them off before putting his eye mask back on. Surya cleared his throat, nodding towards a snoring Ishan. “So? How do we get him to the place without him knowing?”

“Kidnap,” Siraj said.

The others exchanged looks before shrugging. “Good idea,” they muttered before returning to their seats.

“How am I the dumb one?” Hardik grunted.

The designated trusted one to 'kidnap' Ishan was, of course, Rishabh. Kuldeep was supposed to blindfold him in a flash, while Virat was tasked with holding him down. Rohit was too tired to argue that Ishan would probably get traumatized.

Ishan still felt drowsy from his sleep as they walked out of the airport, dodging paparazzi by taking a private exit lane.

"Then I saw a naked dancing man," Surya said. He had been talking for the past few minutes, but Ishan was too sleepy to concentrate.

All his sleep vanished as his surroundings turned pitch black. Before he could react, his hands were bound behind his back. “What the–” a hand clasped over his mouth, filling him with dread.

The next hour or so was dark for Ishan. Literally. He grunted and groaned, trying to scream. He wanted to tell his idiot friends that he couldn't breathe. But silence swallowed him whole, and he was almost impressed at their newfound ability to shut the fuck up. Ishan knew the boys were up to something, and maybe it was connected to Shubman in a way. Well, at best, it was probably a surprise party– oldest trick in the book. They could have simply told him instead of attempting, and failing, at staging a low-budget kidnapping scene.

Rahul gestured to Rishabh to ease his grip on Ishan's mouth, but Rishabh, being himself, blinked in confusion before releasing his hold altogether.

Ishan gasped for a breather. “What do you want?” he tried to sound panicked.

Rishabh grinned before putting on his kidnapper voice. “Hand me all the Teuscher chocolates you got today!”

“What? How do you know about that?”

Rahul face-palmed as Rishabh smiled sheepishly. “Uhm, I have my resources! Shut yer trap and don't make trouble.”

Ishan chuckled. “You’re still terrible at imitating, Rishu.”

Hardik snorted from the other side of the car. “What was that about me being the dumb one again?”

“Shut up, Harry!”

Ishan sighed. “Can you at least free my hands? I can't see shit, where'd you even get a blindfold?”

The rest of the journey remained a mystery to Ishan, but at least he could breathe properly now. He tried to coax the others into revealing the ‘surprise’, but it was useless. Rishabh even turned down a bribe of chocolates, so they must be serious about it. Shubman had never successfully surprised Ishan. Ishan always found out and sometimes felt bad enough to pretend to be surprised, but Shubman’s shoulders would slump as he would pout and say, "You knew, didn't you?”

But this time, Ishan genuinely had no clue, aside from knowing he was being taken somewhere.

"All this money and you couldn't hire someone to blow up the balloons?" Abhishek grunted as he struggled to tie another balloon, his cheeks puffed out from exertion.

"I thought you'd be good at it," Shubman said with a smirk, high-fiving Mayank.

Abhishek's cheeks flushed as he kicked Shubman in the shin. “You guys are intolerable. I wish Ishan was here already.”

"He'll be here soon, so you'd better hurry up.”

Shubman sighed dramatically at the intruder's voice. "Who invited her again?"

“You did,” Aditi said, smacking him with the bundle of ribbons she held.

“Bitch,” Shubman muttered, rubbing his head.

“Self depreciation is not good, Shubman!” Aditi shot him a smile before pushing him the other way. “Go and get dressed. Rishabh said they’re almost here.”

Shubman cursed under his breath, tossing the scissors to Mayank as he hurried inside Virat's farmhouse they were using. He chose a fitted black t-shirt under a denim jacket, paired with distressed denim jeans. Poor Ishan was probably still in his travel jersey, so Shubman didn't want to look overdressed either.

He couldn't help but smile at the thought of finally hugging his love after being away for weeks. Shubham hummed as he strolled outside once again, spotting a beaming Dhruv and an awkwardly waving Yashasvi. Tilak was nearby, accompanied by his boyfriend whose name Shubman couldn't quite recall. White Boy, close enough.

Shubman grinned, slinging an arm around Yashasvi. “Glad to know you're still alive, my favourite jun– ouch!”

Yashasvi scoffed, punching the other in the stomach. “Can't say I feel the same about you being alive.”

“NCA couldn't change this guy,” Shubman wiped away fake tears. “Oh, Yashu, I missed you and your knack for being a complete asshole so much!”

Yashasvi scrunched his nose, taking a swig of his drink. Shubman noticed Yashasvi and Dhruv's shoulders touching and raised an eyebrow at Dhruv questioningly. If there was one thing to know about Yashasvi, it was that he despised skinship, or at least pretended to.

Dhruv sighed and shook his head. Shubman nodded knowingly, mouthing, ‘he's shy.’ Yashasvi coughed, looking around as he said, “They're here.”

Shubman turned around eagerly, watching as a blindfolded Ishan was escorted in by the other guys. Shubman chuckled, rushing into the arms of his boyfriend, who, despite being confused for a second, melted into the familiar touch immediately.

“Baby,” he whispered into Ishan's ears. “I missed you.”

"I missed you too," Ishan mumbled, planting a chaste kiss on the other's neck. "But can I remove this thing now, for fuck’s sake?" he added with a groan, tugging at the blindfold.

Shubman hummed. “Maybe you should keep it on until we get into bed–”

“Don't make me beat you up in front of everyone.”

"Alright, then," Shubman chuckled, reaching out to remove the blindfold.

Ishan's eyes took a second to adjust after being in the dark for over an hour. But seeing his boyfriend's face up close was the best sight of all. After all, video calls could only suffice so much. His hand instinctively reached to caress Shubman's cheek, who leaned into the touch. Ishan was pretty sure his eyes showed disgustingly fond affection, but he couldn't care less as he quickly pecked the other's lips.

Shubman was taken aback for a moment, knowing Ishan wasn't usually into PDA, but he guessed the latter was probably just overwhelmed. Shubman smiled, ruffling Ishan's hair before placing a kiss on his forehead.

Rishabh cleared his throat from beside them. "I think we should get the party started. Virat's starting to miss Anushka, seeing you two lovebirds. Unless you want him to go on a two-hour speech about how much he loves her, let's go?”

Ishan finally looked around, his eyes widening at the beautifully decorated backyard. But what almost brought tears to his eyes was seeing his friends after months, especially Aditi.

He rushed to hug Tilak, ruffling his hair. Hardik and Rishabh followed, pouncing on the poor guy. "Tillu, you got a new hairstyle! How dare you not update us on it?" Rishabh exclaimed, causing Tilak to laugh along with the others.

“I missed you guys,” Tilak said with a grin.

Surya clicked his tongue. “Says the one who doesn't have time anymore to see us.”

“We literally spent the entire IPL together, bhai!”

Ishan left them to bicker, turning to Aditi, who greeted him with her usual warm smile. It had been almost a year since Ishan last saw her, as she couldn't attend the IPL due to her fashion gigs. So he shrugged off his hesitation and hugged her.

Aditi would never get over how comforting it was to hug Ishan. It was like being wrapped in all things warm and fluffy. "How are you, Ish?" she asked.

"Never been better," Ishan replied with a smile as they pulled back from the hug.

Aditi nodded with a small smile, looking down. Could she say that she missed him? She probably shouldn't.

Shubman cleared his throat, slinging an arm around each of them. "She missed you," he chimed in. "Not more than me though.”

Aditi blinked, glancing at Shubman who flashed her a smile. She chuckled and ruffled his hair. "I'll go get the cake ready.”

Ishan’s eyes lit up. “Cake? Yo, you're not too bad at this, huh?” he nudged Shubman, who grinned adorably.

"He has been of no help all day," Yashasvi huffed, joining them.

Ishan hugged him and Dhruv warmly, commenting on how much they've grown since the IPL.

"Thanks for your input, Yashu," Shubman quipped with a grin. "I'll be disregarding it along with a complimentary shut the fuck up.”

Yashasvi shot him a blank stare before turning to Ishan. “You were really cool that day.”

“We’re so proud of you,” Dhruv added.

Ishan chuckled. “Thanks guys. I can't wait for us to play together–”

“Rishabh’s trying to eat all the cream, hurry up guys!”

Much later, after Aditi convinced all the boys to pair up for a slow dance because it would be funny, Ishan found a quiet moment to look up at the stars painted across the sky. The gentle breeze carried the faint laughs of his friends and he couldn't help but smile.

"What's your pretty head thinking about?" Shubman whispered, his hand wrapped around the other's waist as they swayed slowly.

Ishan looked up at his boyfriend with a soft chuckle. “You.”

Shubman blinked. “Are you not well?”

“Die.”

“Now that's more like it,” Shubman grinned.

"Do you ever wonder," Ishan said, licking his lips. "What if we never fought back then?"

Shubman hummed. "I’d have never known how much I can't survive without you.”

Ishan smiled, kissing the other's cheek. “I love you.”

It never got old, no matter how many times he said it. Those three words were never going to get worn out, like a ragged cloth that had been a testament to enduring changes. To be loved meant to be changed. Looking back at 17-year-old Ishan– insecure and angry at the world– now his edges were softened, shaped by Shubman's unending love and his own self acceptance.

"I love you more," Shubman whispered, his dimples forming little crescents as he melted into Ishan's gaze.

On the other side of the party, Abhishek puffed his cheeks, flushing crimson as they swayed in a slow dance. "This is so embarrassing."

"Hm?" Mayank beamed, shooting a thumbs up at his friends who were hyping him up from behind. "It's been three years, babe. Get used to it.”

“Don't call me that!”

In the distance, Yashasvi snorted, swirling his champagne. Dhruv nudged him, asking, “Why are we not dancing?”

Yashasvi blinked, quietly sipping his drink. “Because we're not a… couple.”

“We could be.”

Yashasvi could feel the hot liquid gliding down his throat all of a sudden. “Once we join the national team,” he mumbled.

"Right," Dhruv smiled. "I heard you'll debut in the Test team later in the year.”

“Probably,” Yashasvi shrugged. “There's still time for that.”

“Yashu.”

Yashasvi looked up from his drink to find Dhruv smiling at him. "Too bright," he mumbled to himself.

"I'm proud of you. I hope you know that."

Yashasvi let out a breath, his eyes trailing to the laughing faces of his seniors. "Yeah," he smiled. "I'm proud too. Of us.”

After taking a bold sip, Yashasvi added, "Let's dance.”

Dhruv blinked in surprise. "But we're not a–"

"So aren't they," Yashasvi interrupted, gesturing towards a drunk Rishabh trying to get Rohit into dancing while Rohit cursed loudly at everyone.

Dhruv laughed, nodding as they joined the dance floor together. Well, Yashasvi didn't exactly mean slow dancing; instead, he showed off his weird moves. Dhruv chuckled, and danced with him anyway because, well, he was his best friend after all.

Aditi was making a drink for herself when everyone erupted into cheers. She looked up to see Ishan and Shubman kissing. Oddly enough, she felt… relieved. She had moved on a long time ago, but a small part of her was afraid to meet the truth head-on. Seeing the widest smile on her first love’s face and seeinghisfirst love reciprocate with equal love felt like an epiphany.

"Hey," Abhishek spoke, interrupting her internal monologue. "The ice," he pointed at the melting ice in the scoop.

“Oh,” she muttered, reaching for another cube. “They look lovely together,” she said with a chuckle.

"Yeah," Abhishek hummed. "Do you still think about him?" he asked after a pause.

"No," Aditi replied with a smile, dropping an ice cube into Abhishek's drink as well. "I've managed to keep myself busy."

Abhishek grinned. "Strong, independent woman and all that, huh?”

She chuckled, nodding. Abhishek thanked her for the ice and then turned to look at his best friends, who were now giggling like newlyweds.

“What about you?”

"Hm?" Abhishek smiled at the sight of Shubman picking up Ishan in a bridal style, causing the latter to kick his legs in protest.

“Do you still think about him?”

Abhishek turned to her, his smile unwavering. “No,” he said. “Mayank is a better bathroom singer anyway.”

Aditi smiled, raising her glass as they clinked. Soon enough, Virat called everyone together for a group photo– much to Tilak's excitement, despite having red wine running down his white shirt. Ishan couldn't stop smiling as if it were his last day on Earth. Maybe it was. He didn't regret a single moment of his life, even if he were to die the next day. The gods must envy him. They envy him because he's mortal, and everything is more beautiful because he would never be here again. Nothing hurts anymore.

He wished he could tell that to his 17-year-old self, who was probably crying himself to sleep in his dark room, blaming himself for everything wrong in the world. Ishan wanted to tell him, to promise him that yes,it gets better.

As the camera flashed, Ishan kissed Shubman's cheek while the others struck silly poses, their soft chuckles and unbridled laughs ringing freely in the air.

"What do you like about life?"his Coach had asked when Ishan first joined the national team.

"That it goes on,"he had answered.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:thank you for everything guys, i’ll talk to you in the ending notes :)