•SHUBMAN GILL•

Fetching the phone from the dining table, I dial a number. My therapist's number.

I tap on the table, waiting for the call to be answered.

On the fourth ring, the call is picked up.

"Hello," a calm voice says from the other end. It seems as if he knew I was going to call. Well, it's no surprise that he's aware of my situation right now.

Cutting off the pleasantries, I come straight to the point. "Do you know what happened?"

My tone is normal but tinged with a hint of urgency.

I hear a sigh from the other end. See? He knew I was going to call, he's just bracing himself for the trauma dump.

"What happened?" he asks.

"Ishan happened," I reply, my response met with another of his sighs.

"Are you just going to sigh and not say anything at all?" I press, my voice sad now.

Another sigh.Dammit.

After another round of sighing, he decides to speak. "Didn't Ishan already happen? Shubman, he is your husband."

"Yeah, exactly my point. He is my husband, but recently he ain't behaving like one."

"What did he do?"

"Ask what he didn't do. First, he left me alone and went to Patna. If that wasn't enough, he said he'd come after two days, but then he said some work came up. He was supposed to come yesterday but now he's coming tomorrow," I say in one breath.

Another sigh. I swear to God this -

"And he did tell you all of these things, right?" he says, trying to be logical and rational here.

"That's not the point. The point is he left me alone, and when I called him yesterday, he didn't pick up."

"You mean he didn't pick up your call on the first ring?"

"Can you please sympathize with me instead of taking his side? I am already so sad and lonely and....."

A chuckle is heard from the other end.

"ISHAAANNNNNNNN," I whine his name. And Ishan's chuckle grows into hearty laughter.

So Ishan,my husband, left for four whole days, and that's not very Ishan of him.

After a full-blown laughing session, he composes himself and says, "Shubi, you are so cute."

"And yet, you left your cute husband?" I tease back, a small smile forming despite my frustration.

"I'm sorry. I wanted to come back yesterday, but this work came up. If it were up to me, I wouldn't have stayed back."

"So this work is more important than me?"

"Shubi," he whispers, his tone now tense. "Why do you say that?"

Silence from my end.

"You know nothing is more important than you," he continues softly. "It's just that other people are involved, and I couldn't back out."

I just hum in response.

"Shubi, don't," he pleads. "If you keep feeling this way, I'll leave everything and book a flight to Mumbai right now."

"Really?" I perk up, hope bubbling in my voice.

"Shubi?" he says sternly. "Where was all this excitement a second ago?" I can imagine his eyebrows raising.

"A second ago you weren't coming today," I chirp back.

"I am not coming today because you can survive a little longer without me, so I'll come tomorrow, as planned," he reassures me.

"I miss you," I say sadly. "I want to hug you and kiss you and cuddle with you, but you are so far away and...." I trail off.

"Am I not missing you?"

"Who knows?" I mutter.

"Shubi."

"Hmm?"

"I love you."

"I too love you ."

"Good night."

"Good night."

So, Ishan Kishan is my therapist, but not an unpaid one. He gets paid heavily in the form of hugs, kisses, and cuddles.

I've seen people simping on him over social media, but guess what? Who is his husband? Who gets all his attention? The one and only me, aka Shubman Gill.

I have nothing better to do, so I decide to call it a day. But as soon as I enter the room, the doorbell rings.Who could it be at this time?

When I look through the peephole, all I can see are some flower - sunflowers.

Who sends flowers to me?

And when I finally unlock the door, there stands my 5-foot-6-inch-tall minion with a sunflower bouquet in his hands, his face hidden behind them. As soon as he lowers the flowers, I jump on him, giving him a bone-crushing hug. He stumbles back a little from the impact but immediately hugs me back.

"I missed you so freaking much," I say, nuzzling his neck. "Don't ever leave me like this."

He giggles. "So do I."

Breaking the hug, I ask, "These flowers are for me?"

"No?"

I raise my eyebrows.

"These are for my whiny husband," he says, handing me the flowers. I kiss his forehead and take the bouquet.

"But you said you were coming tomorrow."

"I wanted to surprise you."

"So where were you when I called?"

"In the cab." My smile widens, and I hug him again.

He brought me sweets from Patna, which I end up eating half of despite his protests. He keeps reminding me of my calories, and with a wink, I say, "Aren't we going to burn those calories tonight?"

He blushes.

After a lot of chit-chatting and unpacking his stuff, for the sake of my self-respect, I say, "I am still angry with you for leaving me alone."

"Are you?" he asks.

"Yes, very much."

__________

Positioning one of my legs over Ishan's, I scoot him closer to me and rest my head on his shoulder.

Ishan turns his head. "Weren't you mad at me a few minutes ago?" he teases.

I snuggle closer to him. "Was I?"

"Yes, very much," he replies.

"I will continue that tomorrow."

Then I cup his face with one hand and say,

"Because," I murmur, pressing a kiss on his forehead. He closes his eyes.

"This," I continue, kissing his right eyelid.

"Is," I kiss his left eyelid.

"Very," then proceed to kiss the bridge of his nose.

"Important," one kiss on the tip of his nose.

"For," a kiss on his right cheek.

"My," a kiss on his left cheek.

"Mental," a kiss on his chin.

"Health," I finish, placing a soft kiss on his lips.

He looks at me, smiling. "Very much important for my mental health too," and pulls me into a deep, loving kiss.

~~~

Last chapter from Shubman's pov 🙁

2nd epilogue isfrom Ishan's POV

____

Into the semi finalsssss (don't give me hopes)

also vintage Hitman is such a sight for the sore eyes ✨