Chapter - 2
===========

Author's POV**************

Ishan kishan opened the door of his room now their room, and both of them walked inside.

The room was big enough for two person to live comfortably. It has a big wardrobe and two single bed, which ishan joined to make it one as he was living alone. It also has a small couch with two beanbags.

But it would have looked more presentable if the whole wasn't a pure mess, with everything thrown here and there.

When shubhman saw the condition of the room, he couldn't help but turn to look at ishan, who gave him an awkward smile.

"Actually...as i left room in hurry today that's why it's like this..otherwise i'm a very neat person..you have to believe me.." Ishan lied to cover his embarrassment.

"Not good with lies...I see.." Shubhman comment in his mind.

"I believe you.." Shubhman let out calmly.

Ishan felt grateful for that and immediately start cleaning whole room, while Shubhman placed his suitcase on the joint bed and start unpacking.

After 1 hour, finally ishan was done with cleaning. He turn to look at shubhman who had already arranged his belonging in their wardrobe and drawers.

Shubhman sensed ishan's graze on him and looked up to meet ishan's eyes. Ishan gave him a cute smile which made shubhman turn away his head immediately.

"Shubh...help me with parting beds.." Ishan said while approaching bed.

"But why?" Shubhman asked slightly confused.

" Because you will find it uncomfortable to sleep on the same bed as me?" Ishan replied more like questioned.

"oh yeah.." By saying this he get up from bed.

And with in a minute, that joint bed was parted by them.

( Ishman's bedroom )

Shubhman stared at both beds with a unreadable expression.

Suddenly ishan's voice bring him out of his thoughts.

"I'm going to take shower...then we will go downstairs together for breakfast okay?" Ishan said while opening wardrobe.

"Okay..." Shubhman replied shortly before plugging earphones in his ear and start listening songs.

Ishan sighed a little at other's cold demeanour but no need to hurry they have lots of time to work on Shubhman's Introvert nature, with these thoughts ishan went to take shower.

Shubhman decided to call his mom and sister to assure them about him being comfortable here.

After few rings his sister picked the call and said.

"Hello shubhi.."

"Hi..Di how are you and where is mom?" Shubhman asked.

"I'm great..and mom see went out to something. Leave that, now tell me how was your first with your team mates? " his sister, shahneel asked excitedly.

"It was pretty good..all of them caring and fun to be around." Shubhman replied shortly while his mind wandered to a certain cute guy, who is showering right now.

"Cool..You are comfortable there right? " she asked clearly being aware of her brother's introvert nature.

"Hmm..I can adjust I guess.." He replied.

Suddenly sound of bathroom door opening caught his attention, he turn to look at ishan, and froze for a good minute. Without knowing he ended the call and let his eyes roam on ishan's white skin.

Suddenly a thought come into his mind. Did ishan come out like this infront of other members too?

He don't know why but he felt a burn in his heart at that mere thought, he subconsciously clenched his fist.

"Why did you come out like this?" Shubhman asked in a deep voice.

Ishan who was ready to wear his tshirt become a little startled when he heard his deep voice and then gave him a confuse look. Isn't it how he come out everyday? But then again before he used to live alone.

Maybe Shubhman is feeling uncomfortable?

"Sorry you must be feeling uncomfortable right?...I kind of forgot that now i have a roommate. Don't worry from next time I will be careful..." Ishan said sincerely.

" Hmm..okay" shubhman didn't deny his assumption. Not wanting to make it more complicated for himself.

Ishan gave him a soft pat on his shoulder while smiling, making Shubhman close his eyes for a second then opening them again. He just can't bring himself to look at ishan's bright smile directly.

Then ishan went to mirror to fix his hair while Shubhman just sit on the couch waiting for other.

Soon ishan got ready and said while laughing

"Let's go downstairs before virat bhaiya come with his bat to get us.."

Shubhman nodded and then both of them made their way downstairs. They walked to dinning table where everyone was already seated.

" You are late as always..." Shreyas said to ishan.

"Virat bhaiya see, shrey bhai is teasing me again..." Ishan whined while pouting.

Virat patted ishan's back and glared at shreyas who just shrugged before continuing his meal. Shubhman just stare at Ishan's pouting face before shaking his head.

"Okay enough...ishan and Shubhman eat you breakfast..." Rohit said sternly.

"Okay bhaiya..." Ishan replied and mentioned Shubhman to eat.

Then both of them start eating their breakfast with others. They peacefully eat their breakfast with a little bickering here and there between Ishan and members.

"He is chaotic like a kid.. " shubhman thought mentally and let out a low chuckle, not wanting to attract attention of other members.

But as Ishan was sitting just beside him, so he heard Shubhman chuckling at something, and being a curious fellow, he leaned a little to Shubhman's side to ask.

"I heard you chuckling...What so funny?" He asked in a hushed tone.

"You.." As a relex shubhman let out without even realising.

"huh?!" Ishan gave him a confused look.

Only then Shubhman realised what he just said and scold himself in mind.

Then he cleared his throat before replying coldly.

"Nothing... Your ears are playing tricks.."

By saying shubhman ignored ishan completely and focused on his meal.

"Rude ass.." Ishan mumbled while giving side glare to Shubhman.

After 15 minutes, all of them were done with breakfast ,now they are waiting for their captain to tell them today's schedule.

Rohit come back after attending a call and sit beside virat. He faced everyone.

"Okay guys...i just talk with our coach..and he said there is not practice today. So we all are free today.." Rohit said calmly but immediately hissed when everyone cheered loudly like some kids.

"Yess..how about we all go out to enjoy a little?" Jadeja suggested.

Everyone agreed with him and turn to look at their captain for approval. Rohit looked at little startle at sudden attention but acted cool.

"Sounds good i guess...but only if you all will behave like mature adult which you all are.." Rohit said, completely being aware of his team's craziness.

" We will..." Everyone sung in unison, making Rohit doubt their sanity.

"Will I able to survive with them today.?." Rohit couldn't help but feel sympathy for himself.

"Yes..yes..we are going out...I miss roaming around freely on mumbai streets.." Ishan jumped excitedly like a kid.

Shubhman's eyes turn soft when he looked at the jumping man. Within few hours, ishan has managed to make a soft corner in Shubhman's heart for himself.

Everyone  laughed at ishan's overexcitement fondly , no matter how much they tease ishan but no one can deny their fondness for ishan. After all no one can resist ishan kishan's cuteness and cheerfulness.

"Let's pack some snacks and drinks for ride..." Virat reminded them, as he know they aren't coming home before night.

"Virat is right.." Kl rahul said.

"Okay then...Pack some necessary items and then meet me at main gate..i'm going to talk with our bus driver..." Rohit said and left from there.

Ishan looked at shubhman with his sparkling eyes but frown a little at shubhman's expression less face.

"What happened..aren't you excited ?" Ishan asked.

"It's not like that...it just i don't like crowd.." Shubhman replied honestly.

"It's okay... Just stay by my side and I will handle everything.." Ishan said while patting Shubhman's shoulder.

"You will stay by my side?!" Shubhman asked for conformation.

Ishan chuckled at his question.

"Yes, I will always stay by your side..pinky promise.." Ishan said not focusing on his words much.

"Hmm.." Shubhman just hummed.

"Let's go..." Ishan said while dragging shubhman with his wrist to their room as they also have to prepare a small bag for this hangout.

"I will always stay by your side"

Ishan's words repeated in his mind like a broken tape. He looked at ishan's back as other is walking in front of him.

"Your words ishan..not mine. And I will make sure you never go back on your words.." Shubham thought while smirking and continue walking behind ishan.

Shubhman don't know what is happening with him as he sees this as just a mere curiosity to know shorter guy but only if he knew. While Ishan, he just want to help Shubhman open to team and become his friend.

______________________________________

Note:

Chapter two is here my dear readers.

Please read it and enjoy. Feel free to express your views on this chapter.

And just to clear things in this story:

Shubhman is top,and ishan is bottom.

See you soon in next chapter.