Chapter - 3
===========

Author's POV**************

Everyone has already seated inside bus. They had decide to go to "Essel  world" And you can already guess that it was Ishan's suggestion.

Ishan keep looking outside from bus window with his sparkling eyes. He had a big smile on his face.

"Shubh...see weather is so good today.." Ishan said to Shubhman, who is sitting just next to him, busy with phone.

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed while keeping his eyes on his phone.

Ishan sighed and turn to look at shubhman. He snatched his phone, earing a "hey" of protest from shubhman.

"We are here to enjoy...Stop being so boring." Ishan huffed at him.

"Whatever... Give me back my phone. I hate when someone touch my belongings.." Shubhman said irritatedly and attempted to snatched his phone back but failed.

" Okay I will give you back your phone but first promise me that you won't use it and will enjoy with everyone" ishan stated, taking it as a opportunity to make shubhman comfortable with team.

" what if i refuse?" Shubhman asked while raising his eyebrow.

"Then forget your phone..." Ishan replied firmly.

Shubhman sighed in defeat and said.

"Fine...I will not use it, now give it back.."

Ishan immediately smiled and gave him back his phone. Shubhman as promised put his phone in pocket.

"Surya bhaiya...how about some music?" Ishan said while getting up from his seat, catching everyone's attention.

"Sure ishu...Bhojpuri song?" Surya asked already taking out a small speaker from his bag.

"No please.." Other shouted in unison.

"Yes..yes.." Ishan ignored their protests and yelled in excitement.

And with that, whole bus echoed with bhojpuri item song. Ishan get in middle of bus and start dancing crazily, soon surya, Shreyas and siraj joined him too.

Everyone start enjoying their crazy dance while laughing. Ishan then mentioned Shubhman to join too but Shubhman ignored him.

Ishan then went to him and forcefully dragged him to dance. Ishan then went back on showing his crazy moves on song. Shubhman just stand there and looked at him.

Virat and rohit start recording video of them dancing. After dancing for a while ishan got tired and went to back to his seat with shubhman doing the same.

"Here.." Shubhman said after taking out a water bottle from his bag to give it to Ishan.

Ishan gladly took it and drink it hungrily. Then he gave it back to Shubhman.

"Thankyou shubh.." Ishan said softly and leaned back on his seat before closing his eyes. He is feeling tired after dancing.....After 2 hours, the bus finally stopped at Essel world. Everyone start going down from bus.

Shubhman turn to look at ishan, who somehow ended up cuddling to his right hand with his head on Shubhman's shoulder.

Shubhman stared at his peaceful sleeping face. He raised his hand to remove some hairs which are falling on ishan's eyes but stop midway before taking his back.

"Isha-" hardik was about to call ishan but stop when Shubhman made a "shh" gesture.

Only then hardik noticed that ishan is sound asleep on Shubhman' shoulder.

" We are at entrance, meet us there after waking him up.." By saying this hardik also get down from bus.

Now only shubhman and ishan are in the bus. Shubhman didn't made any attempt to wake Ishan. He slowly took out his phone and angled his hand before clicking a selfie with sleeping ishan.

"I will tease him later about how he was hugging me in his sleep.." He thought.

Feeling satisfied with it, he then put his phone back in his pocket and decided to wake him up as he don't want others to wait more.

He start shaking Ishan gently, who just shift a little but continue to sleep. Shubhman sighed when he realise how right surya was about ishan being a heavy sleeper.

Suddenly a idea come into his head and he smirk before leaning close to Ishan's ear.

"ISHAN!!" Shubhman shouted in his ear loudly.

And with in a second, Ishan woke up looking startled. He looked here and there in panic.

"What happened? Earthquake or accident?" Ishan asked in full panic mode,with his unclear mind because of sleep.

Shubhman bit back a chuckled and slightly smacked Ishan's shoulder.

"Nothing happened you sleepy head..we have reached Essel world let's go..others are waiting at entrance"  Shubhman said, immediately left the bus.

Ishan hurriedly chased after him when he realise what other just did to wake him up.

"You!!..stop running. You almost gave me a heart attack.." Ishan shouted while running behind Shubhman.

Shubhman laughed at ishan and continue his marathon. Soon he saw his teammate waiting at gate for them. He run in their direction.

"Rahul bhaiya catch him for me..." Ishan shouted once he also reached there.

Kl rahul tried to catch Shubhman but other was fast. Ishan glared playfully at laughing Shubhman.

"Slowly Shubhman is coming out from his cell because of ishan..isn't it good?" Virat whispered to rohit while looking  laughing Shubhman and a pouty ishan.

"Yeah, it was right choice to let them share room.." Rohit uttered with a small smile.

Seeing Ishan's pouty face, Shubhman walked to him and placed his hand on his shorter males shoulder.

"Okay i'm sorry..now smile, you look ugly while pouting..." Shubhman said with a playful glint in his eyes.

"Shut up..I know i'm cute, but it's okay if you have bad eyes.." Ishan sassed  and rolled his eyes.

Shubhman gave him a amused look but didn't said anything.

" Can we go inside now please? " jadeja asked impatiently.

Everyone nodded and made their way inside Essel world....By the time they were done playing around in Essel world, it was already Evening. After a full day filled with laughter and joy, all of them get back on their bus, ready to go back to their apartment.

Everyone was tired, even shan was feeling damn tired after shouting his lungs out on rollarcoaster ride, that's why whole ride to their apartment was quite.

At 8 PM, bus stopped at their apartment, and everyone come down from bus, looking half dead because of tiredness.

"We don't have early practice tomorrow right?" Ishan asked looking hopefully at rohit.

"Yeah...Go and rest everyone" Rohit replied.

Everyone sighed in relief, one by one everyone start leaving to their room. Suddenly ishan leaned his body against shubhman.

Shubhman turn stiff but soon composed himself and look at ishan who was already looking him with tired eyes.

"I'm so tired shubh..please take me to our room..I can't even feel my legs.." Ishan said dramatically.

"You are tired and i'm not?" Shubhman asked in amusement.

"I don't know...i don't know please take me to room.." Ishan whined like kid.

"Dramatic fool.." Shubhman muttered before supporting Ishan's body by holding waist lightly.

"I'm cute I know.." Ishan said cheekily when he heard Shubhman's comment. And placed his head on Shubhman's shoulder.

"Shut up.." Shubhman hissed at him before dragging his body to their room.

With lots of difficulty Shubhman somehow managed to open the door of their room and walked inside with ishan.

Then Shubhman pulled ishan away before placing his bag on the couch. Ishan also placed his bag pack on this floor and directly went to bed.

"Aren't you going to change your clothes?" Shubhman asked staring at ishan who is now laying on bed like a starfish.

"Too tired for that..." Ishan replied in a lazy voice.

Shubhman just stare at him for a second before talking to wardrobe. He took a pair of tshirt and shorts before walking in bathroom to change.

Soon he come out, already changed. He went to his bed and subconsciously turn to look at ishan, who is already in a deep sleep.

He lay comfortably on his bed,still looking at ishan's sleeping figure.

"Must tired after jumping here and there whole day..." Shubhman muttered softly with a light chuckle.

He start feeling his eyelids going heavy. As tiredness of whole day kicked in,Without realising, shubhman also fall asleep. After all it was a lot for him on his first day in team.

______________________________________

Note:

Another chapter is here!!!

Please share your views on this chapter and let me know if i'm taking things too slow?

And one more thing, thisbookwill have atleast  30 chapters,it can increase in future.

See you soon in next update.