Chapter - 4
===========

Author's POV**************

It's been a whole month, since shubhman has joined indian team and moved in with them.

In those 30 days, Many things changed. Shubhman now very comfortable with Team members. He start smiling. He start showing his emotions a little.

And most important thing, shubhman and ishan become bestfriend. They are totally inseparable now. And they always team up to tease members.

And all thanks of these changes goes to our one and only ishan kishan. He played huge role in breaking shubhman's walls.

And just as ishan has promised, he always stayed by Shubhman's side to help with everything....Right now, it's 5 A.M. shubhman slowly opened his eyes when his alarm ringed. He get up and turn off the alarm.

Then he walked to ishan's bed and slipped next to sleeping ishan before hugging the shorter male and hiding his face in ishan's neck.

"Ish....wakey wakey.." He mumbled against Ishan's neck while rubbing his nose against it.

Recently he had discovered the fastest way to wake ishan, and that's what he is doing right now.

Ishan's soft spot on his neck tickle when shubhman rubbed his nose against it. And that's why ishan tried to turn away as he still want to sleep more but shubhman held him firmly in place.

"Ish...we have morning practice today.. Wake up or eles rohit bhaiya will scold us.." Shubhman said in his morning voice, which is a little deeper that usual.

Ishan immediately felt a shiver run down his spine when he heard his deep voice. Then slowly he opened his eyes. And moved a little away from shubhman, this time shubhman didn't stop him.

"Fine... I'm up now happy?" Ishan said in sleepy voice while sitting up on the bed.

"Very much.." Shubhman replied with a smile and get up from Ishan's bed.

Ishan tsked irritatedly, well you can't blame him , he is not an early bird. he always get grumpy when someone disturb his sleep.

Shubhman chuckled at his annoyed face before making his way to bathroom to get fresh&up.

When he come out, he shake his head with a sigh at the sight Infront of his eyes, ishan is sleeping again while sitting on the bed.

Then he thought of something and said smirking,

"Ish..wake up this instant or I will kiss you.." Shubhman threatened him.

Ishan was not in deep sleep and he clearly heard Shubhman's threat but ignored him. It's not like shubhman will do it in real.

"Still not waking up? You left me with no other choice.."

By saying this shubhman start leaning close to Ishan's face. Ishan's body immediately tensed when he felt Shubhman's hot breath on his face.

Shubhman smirked slightly when he saw Ishan's cheeks turning little pink but still he didn't stop leaning. Just when he was only few inches away from Ishan's face, ishan hurriedly opened his eyes.

"I'M UP...I'M UP!!.." Ishan shouted in panic and pushed him away with full force.

Shubhman stumbled a little at sudden push but quickly balanced himself before throwing a amused smirk at a very flustered ishan.

"Aww...is my ish feeling shy?" He teased, Clearly enjoying it.

"W-what..no..who's is shy? I'm not.." Ishan defended himself while stuttering.

But his flushed cheeks and adorable stuttering betrayed his words.

"Sure..I believe you.." Shubhman replied clearly not believing ishan's single word.

" Now move i need to use bathroom.." By saying this ishan hurriedly went inside bathroom and locked the door.

He walked infront of mirror and stared at his reflection in mirror. He touched his cheeks which are feeling a little hot.

"Why the hell i'm blushing?!" Ishan muttered in disbelief.

He always get flustered whenever shubhman tease him like earlier. He don't even know why. Something is definitely wrong with his head.

"Maybe i'm going crazy because of sleeping too much.." He said trying to find reason behind this sudden change in him.

As he was busy in shorting out his complicated thoughts, suddenly a knock on bathroom door catch his attention.

"Are you still alive inside?" Shubhman's voice come from other side of door.

"Ofcourse i am..you giant!!" Ishan shouted back irritatedly.

He heard Shubhman laughing and smiled a little. Who will say that this is the same Shubhman who used to stay always quite and expressionless?.

After 10 minutes, ishan was also done with bathroom and went out.

"Let's go.." Shubhman said while grabbing his cricket kit.

Ishan nodded and also picked his cricket kit before following Shubhman out.....In practice ground, all the team members are standing in a line while their couch instructed them about their practice.

" Make pair of two,containing one batter and one bowler and help each other in practising... And no playing around..Understand? " their coach said last sentence while looking at ishan.

"Yes..coach.." Everyone shouted in unison.

"Good...rohit monitor them once you are done with your practice.." Coach said.

"Okay.." Rohit replied respectfully.

Their coach nodded and left the ground. Everyone stared at each other and start making pairs. Shubhman's face was gloomy because he couldn't pair with ishan now. While Ishan was also feeling a little bad about it.

Pairs for practice are :

Ishan x sirajShubhman x jadejaRohit x SamiVirat x kuldeepKl rahul x hardikSurya x yuziShreyas x jasprit

"Okay guys let's start.." Rohit shouted.

And with that everyone begin their practice with their partner and become busy with practice.

"Focus Shubhman!!" Jadeja couldn't help but sigh for the nth time. As Shubhman keep missing the ball as if he is not mentally not there.

It's been 30 minutes since they are practicing but shubhman keep zoning out.

"What happened ? Are you not feeling well?" Jadeja asked Shubhman feeling concerned.

"I'm okay bhaiya...just a little tired I guess.." Shubhman replied while keeping his head low.

Shubhman felt guilty, he is feeling lonely without ishan. It's first time that ishan is not beside him while practising.

He just couldn't bring himself to focus on the practice without ishan. He hate it. He hate how easily he get distracted, it wasn't suppose to be like this.

A little away from them, Ishan seems to notice this too, who is also practising with siraj. He frowned in concern.

"He always stay attentive during practice then what happen today? Is everything okay with shubh?" Ishan thought worriedly.

And as he was staring in shubhman's direction he didn't saw the ball coming in his way.

"Ishu!! Watch out.." Siraj shouted.

Hearing his shout, Ishan immediately jumped on side to avoid the ball but it still hit him on the waist with force making him groan in pain while laying on ground.

"ISHAN!!" Shubhman screamed while dropping his bat and run towards ishan.

Other team members also come running to Ishan worriedly. Shubhman immediately kneeled on the ground and took Ishan's head in his lap.

"Ish..are you okay?" Shubhman asked looking dead worried. He had a painful look on his face as if he was the one getting hit by ball.

"Ofcourse i'm okay... haha..ahhh" ishan laughed to erase his worry but ended up hissing his pain.

"Shh...stop talking please.." Shubhman pleaded worriedly. Not wanting ishan to be in more pain.

"Rohit hurry and call doctor..." Virat said to rohit, who immediately take out his phone to call doctor.

"I'm so sorry ishu...it's all my fault.." Siraj apologized feeling guilty.

"It wasn't your fault bhai but mine. I should have stayed focused..." Ishan immediately replied.

"Let's take him back to his room.." Hardik suggested.

Shubhman nodded and immediately lifted ishan in bridal style, who let out a surprised gasp.

"Shubh...i can walk, no need to carry me like this.." Ishan said feeling embarrassed.

He is a grown up man for god sake. Why Shubhman is carrying him like some fragile girl? So damn embarrassing!!

"Shut up..and hold me tightly.." Shubhman said sternly while glaring at the male in his hold.

Ishan, who met by Shubhman's glare immediately zipped his mouth and circled his arms around Shubhman's neck, holding him tightly.  And then put his head against Shubhman's chest to make himself more comfortable.

Shubhman hurriedly made his way to their apartment but being careful with not touching Ishan's bruised waist.

Soon they reached infront their shared room with other members following them closely. All of them were worried for their group's sunshine.

Surya opened the door of the room and mention Shubhman to go inside. Shubhman walked to his bed and made ishan lay carefully on it.

"Where is doctor virat bhaiya?" Shubhman asked impatiently.

Before virat could reply, rohit entered the room with Doctor.

"Please doctor take a look at him.." Rohit said while pointing at ishan.

Everyone moved except Shubhman aside to let doctor check ishan. Doctor lifted his jersey a little to see the wound.

Shubhman let out a startle gasp when he looked at big purple bruise on ishan's waist. It's looking so painfully. A lone tear fell from his eyes, which he hurriedly wiped without letting anyone notice it.

When he look at ishan's pained expression and that bruise on his waist, he felt a strong urge to burn the reason of his pain alive.

If only the cause of ishan's pain was not his team mate, if only it wasn't siraj bhai.

He know it's not wholly siraj's fault but Still shubhman couldn't help but glare at siraj darkly.  Siraj felt his stare and turn to look at him but immediately shuddered in fear when he looked into shubhman's dark angry eyes.

"If looks could kill ,I would have dead by now..."Siraj couldn't help but thought mentally. Before passing a awkward look at shubhman.

Shubhman was busy shooting draggers at poor siraj, then suddenly ishan screamed in pain. He immediately approached ishan.

"Can't you be a little gentle?! He is in pain dammit.." Shubhman said angrily to doctor while glaring at him.

Everyone become surprise at his aggressive behaviour but they really can't blame him, after all he is closest to ishan.

That doctor also seems professional and didn't take any offend.

"Shubhman come here and let doctor do his work..." Hardik said calmly.

"But-" Shubhman started but rohit cut him.

"Not buts, listen to hardik.." Rohit said firmly, leaving no room for argument.

Shubhman couldn't disobey rohit, that's why with a unwilling heart, he went to side and stand with other team members.

While looking at doctor treating Ishan's wound, there was only one question running in his mind.

"When did you become this important to me ish? Why the hell i want to destroy everything that cause you pain?"

______________________________________

Note :

Here is another update!!

Let me know your views on this chapter in comments.

Please don't forget to vote if you like the chapter.

See yousoon