Chapter - 5
===========

Author's POV**************

Doctor has left few hours ago after giving some painkiller and ointment to ishan. Everyone stood in silence in ishan's room.

Finally ishan couldn't take this silence and decided to break it.

"I'm fine guys...you all can go back to your practice.."

"Shut up!!" Everyone shouted in unison, making ishan shut his mouth immediately.

"Shubhman you stay with him..and make sure he remain laying on the bed.." Virat said and earned a nod from shubhman.

"Listen everyone he need some rest...let's go outside..." Rahul tried to reason with his worried team.

"I was also saying the same...then why did you all shut me up?" Ishan pouted, clearly whining.

Everyone clearly heard his complaining tone but choose to ignore it and one by one left the room.

Now it's only Shubhman and ishan in their room. Shubhman slowly walked to his bed where ishan is laying and sit on it while facing ishan.

"Can't you be a little more careful while practising huh? You almost gave me heart attack when i saw you laying on ground while groaning in pain..." Shubhman gently scolded him.

"It's not like I did it intentionally...i was worried about you...that's I didn't saw the ball.." Ishan huffed irritatedly.

"Worried about me? Why?" Shubhman asked confusingly.

"Ofcourse because you weren't focused while practicing.i was worried that something is bothering you.." Ishan replied

Shubhman didn't know he should feel happy or guilty after hearing Ishan's reply. So at the end he choose to stay silent and reached for the medicine package.

Ishan didn't like the frown on Shubhman's face as if Shubhman is still angry at him. He hate making other worried because of himself.

"Fine,i'm sorry shubh...I will be more careful about my surroundings from next time..now please smile..I hate seeing your frowned face.." Ishan said in a baby voice and gently held Shubhman's left hand.

Shubhman stared at him before giving him a small smile, which clearly looked forced but ishan decided to not point it out and smiled widely at shubhman. and left his hand.

Shubhman took a ointment and lifted Ishan's jersey a little to make bruise visible to his eyes.

Ishan noticed how Shubhman's hand is shaking when he stared at his purple bruise.

"Don't look shubh...it's ugly. I can apply ointment on it by my own..you don't need to do that..." Ishan said and tried to took ointment from shubhman's hand but other didn't let him.

"Its not ugly ish..nothing is ugly about you. So stop talking nonsense. Now lay down quietly and let me do my work.." Shubhman replied firmly, feeling slightly angry at ishan for looking down on himself.

Ishan felt something funny in his tummy  when shubhman said that but he didn't pay any mind to it and nodded his head.

Shubhman then focused back on the bruise and took out some ointment on his finger. Then he start applying it on ishan's bruise.

Ishan shudder a little when shubhman's cold fingers touched his bare waist, making him close his eyes. Shubhman gently applied ointment on ishan's bruise with right hand while his other hand keep shaking.

"Ahh.." Suddenly ishan yelped in pain when shubhman pressed a little hard on this bruise.

"I'm sorry ish... I'm so sorry...is it paining a lot?!" Shubhman exclaimed anxiously when he saw Ishan's teary eyes.

"N-no...just be a little gentle.." Ishan replied not wanting other to feel worried.

Shubhman lifted his left hand caressed Ishan's cheeks while gently wiping his tear. Ishan subconsciously leaned to Shubhman's touch, seeking  comfort from pain.

"I hate tears in your eyes, ish. Only smile look best on your face.." Shubhman muttered softly.

Ishan opened his eyes and stared in Shubhman's deep brown eyes and felt himself sinking in it but soon composed himself and turned his face other side.

Shubhman left his face and put the ointment back on the nightstand. When he was about cover Ishan's wound with tshirt, he suddenly stopped and stare at it as if thinking about something.

Then as if something suddenly possessed Shubhman, he bent down a little and placed a tender kiss near Ishan's bruise on waist.

Ishan let out a gasp of surprise when he felt Shubhman's soft lips on his waist and stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

"W-why did you do that?" Ishan asked while stuttering, his cheeks start hearing up again while his heart start beating in a fast pace.

A look of realisation flashed in Shubhman's eyes, like he just woke up from dream.

"Fuck..what the hell i just did?!" Shubhman cursed himself mentally.

He tried to run the wheels of his brain to think a believable lie, because he himself don't know why he did that.

"It was a get well soon kiss...why are you looking so surprised? It's common in friends..." Shubhman start spouting whatever nonsense come into his mind.

"then why did it felt so intimate? Or I was just hallucinating?" Ofcourse Ishan wouldn't ask these questions aloud.

"Oh..i mean yeah. I just didnt knew that you also believe these type of things.. That's why i was surprised nothing else.." Ishan also said nervously in a defensive manner, but somewhere in his heart, he felt a little disappointed.

"God..i'm going nuts. He is my bestfriend for god sakes. Why i'm behaving like my crush just friend zoned me? You clearly need psychiatrist ishan..." Ishan scolded his stupid self mentally.

Ishan's thoughts come to an end when he heard Shubhman saying something.

"What?" Ishan asked as he didn't heard him clearly.

"Welcome to earth my dear ish...i was saying that you should get some sleep...you will feel a lot better after waking up.." Shubhman said and look at the clock it's 4 pm right now.

"Hmm.." Ishan hummed and obediently closed his eyes to get some sleep.

Shubhman start caressed his hair softly and ishan immediately felt himself getting relaxed and slowly fall into slumber.

Shubhman smiled and kissed his forehead softly, this time being fully aware about his action. Somehow it felt so right to him. Then he get up from bed and with slow steps exited the room....Shubhman went downstairs. He frowned when he saw everyone sitting in living room.

"You guys didn't continue your practice?" Shubhman asked while making his way to others.

"How can we practice when our dynamo is laying there in pain?" Surya said while others nodded in agreement.

Shubhman smiled at their caring nature. After all they are family not just team. And Ishan is loved by everyone.

"How's he now?" Rohit asked.

"He is sleeping bhaiya.." Shubhman replied and sit beside shreyas.

"Good.." Rohit nodded.

"Guys any special plans for 18 july?! I mean we have penalty of time to prepare without any fear of getting caught by ishan..." Suddenly hardik said gaining everyone's attention.

"It's already 16 july? We don't have much time.." Rahul exclaimed while looking at today's date in his phone.

And with that, everyone start discussing about god knows what.

Shubhman stared at everyone panicking, completely being unaware about all reason behind it.

"Umm..guys, what so special about 18 july?"  Finally Shubhman asked.

As his words fall, whole living room turn quite. And everyone stared at shubhman as if he had grown two heads.

All of them had "are you dumb?" Kind of look on their faces.

"What?" Shubhman asked.

"Are you really Ishan's bestfriend?" Surya blurt out in disbelief.

To which, Shubhman nodded his head dumbly clearly confused about the current situation.

Finally virat couldn't able to bear that dumb look on his youngest member and said,

"It's Ishan's birthday on 18 july.."

Shubhman, become a little shock about the given information. Why he don't know about it? But then again he never asked ishan. Now he is feeling bad, for being such a bad friend.

"It's okay...no need to feel bad. I can bet my life that even Ishan, himself doesn't remember his birthday..." Jadeja said when noticed Shubhman's gloomy face.

Everyone chuckled at jadeja's comment but no one denied, after all they are totally aware about Ishan's forgetful nature.

"I'm going out...will be back before 8 P.M.." Suddenly Shubhman said while getting up from couch.

"But where-" Rohit tried to ask but shubhman already run outside like someone was after him to murder him.

Rohit couldn't help but shake his head at his antics....

"Remind me again why i'm here with you?" A man in his early twenties asked boringly.

"Quite whining Abhi...and help me select a gift for my ish.." Shubhman said irritatedly.

Right now Shubhman is in mall with his close friend, abhishek. They are here for atleast 2 hours now but  nothing seems to catch Shubhman's interest.

"Bro...how about gifting him a bat? I'm mean for a cricketer, bat is so special.." Abhishek tried again. He is really feeling tired after roaming about in mall for 2 Freaking hours.

"It's too common..I want to gift him something special, something that he can always carry with himself, something that will always remind him of me.." Shubhman said.

Hearing his words, abhishek couldn't help and blurt out his inner thoughts,

"Are you sure he is just your friend?"

Upon hearing abhishek's question shubhman turn around with a swift moment and glared fiercely at him.

Abhishek immediately raised his hands in surrender when he met by Shubhman's glaring eyes.

"Kidding bro, Lets find gift for ish.." Abhishek hurriedly said. Not noticing how he just call ishan "ish" but shubhman did and he didn't Fucking like it, not even a bit.

"Don't you dare call him " ish". Its Ishan for you got it?" Shubhman growled, not noticing how much possessive he was sounding.

Abhishek was frightened will be an understandment. he had never seen Shubhman react like this, that too over a nickname but still he apologized.

"I'm sorry..my tongue slipped.now please let's go.."

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed while narrowing his eyes at him.

Then both of them again started their journey of finding a gift for ishan. After spending one more hour, something finally caught Shubhman's intrest.

A silver pendant, so simple yet so ishan type. Shubhman immediately brought that without any second thought, already imagining how good it will look on ishan.

"Finally it's done..." Abhishek sighed in relief but next moment frowned when he saw Shubhman going towards cloth section.

"Shubhman exit is on opposite side.." Abhishek reminded him.

"Who said i'm going to exit? I need to buy some clothes for ish, then a pai of shoes too...come hurry.." Shubhman replied and without waiting for him, he walked in cloths section.

Abhishek stare dumbfoundly at shubhman's fading figure.He felt like crying without tears. After few seconds , he immediately followed Shubhman once his come back to his senses.

"This is clearly not a "only friends" behaviour. This is what we call spoiling our Lover!!!..." Abhishek howled in his heart while running behind Shubhman.

______________________________________

Note:

Chapter 5 is here. And I also Introduced new character.

I tried by best to write it with correct emotions and words. I hope it's not boring.

Let me know if this chapter was enough good or not, in comments.

See you soon.