Chapter - 6
===========

Author's POV**************

A black car was driving at full speed on a empty road of mumbai. Then suddenly with abrupt break, the car came to a halt, screeching and leaving tire print on road.

Shubhman's body jerked forward because of force break. He breathe heavily while gripping the steering wheel tightly.

He put his forehead against steering wheel while looking down.

"Are you sure he is just your friend?"

Abhishek's question echoed in his mind once again for nth time. He closed his eyes in frustration.

"Damn you abhi for putting nonsense in my mind..." Shubhman cursed his friend while hitting his forehead against steering wheel continuously.

Since the moment he left mall, after buying lots of things for ishan, abhishek's question has been haunting him.

He never believed that one single question can mess with his heart and mind this bad, until now.

Shubhman closed his eyes to calm down but instantly opened them in next second, when Ishan's blushing face from today's morning flashed before his eyes.

"Thoseblushycheeks looks so good on him..it makes his look more pretty.." Shubhman couldn't help but thought with a fond look on his face.

But his frowned when his mind again wandered to abhishek's stupid question.

Do i like ishan in romantic way?

No, stop Shubhman. Abhi was just spouting nonsense. He is not someone to take seriously.

Shubhman shake his head to get rid of these thoughts. As he was about to start his car, his phone ringed.

He immediately received the call when he saw it's Virat.

"Hello virat bhaiya.." Shubhman said.

"Don't hello me Shubhman... Where are you? It's already 8 P.M," Virat inquired.

"Sorry bhaiya..i'm on my way back to home, I will there in 10 minutes. Sorry for making you worried.." Shubhman replied.

"Fine...see you at home.." By saying this virat ended the call.

Shubhman sighed and placed his phone on dashboard of car before starting the engine of his car and driving straight to apartment.....Shubhman entered living room, he saw rohit and virat talking about something. He prepared himself for questions of virat and rohit bhaiya.

Thankfully he had left all the shopping bags in his car, as he don't want to others to question him more.

"Where are others?" Shubhman asked while referring to other members.

"Oh you are finally back..they are in shreyas room discussing about Ishan's surprise birthday party.." Virat replied once he noticed Shubhman's presence.

Shubhman nodded in acknowledgement and sit on the couch.

"By the way where were you? You just left in hurry without informing us.." Rohit asked while glancing at shubhman.

"Actually... My old friend suddenly wanted to meet me..so I left in hurry." Shubhman lied, ofcourse he won't tell them that he went to buy gifts for ishan, after all it's a surprise.

"Umm..but next time inform us before going anywhere, we would feel at ease that you are safe.." Rohit said coldly but shubhman knows that other is just worried for him.

"I will bhaiya.." Shubhman replied obediently.

"Shubhman ishan haven't eaten anything...take dinner for him and make him eat it and then give him medicine..." Virat reminded shubhman.

"What?! Don't tell me he is still asleep?" Shubhman exclaimed while getting up from couch.

"Yeah..I knocked on his door but he didn't open..." Virat replied with sigh.

Shubhman went to kitchen and filled the plate with fruits and light food and hurriedly went upstairs.

He took out spare key from his left pant pocket and opened the door. Then he turn on the lights of room.

Shubhman placed the food plate on small table in room and went to bed to wake ishan up.

But he frowned when he saw ishan shivering. He hurriedly sit on the bed and touched ishan's forehead. Sure enough, other is shivering in fever, probably because of cold.

"Ish, wake up..you have fever..wake up" Shubhman gently tapped on his cheeks to wake him up.

"C-cold...so cold.." Ishan mumbled in sleep.

"Shit..I need to wake him up fast.." Shubhman muttered and start shaking ishan more.

After few minutes, ishan finally woke up and slowly opened his eyes. Shubhman sighed in relief. He took Ishan's hand and start rubbing them to provide some warmness to ishan.

"Shubh..i'm feeling so cold, my head is  spinning " ishan said while crying. He is feeling so sensitive because of fever.

"You have high fever ish " Shubhman said worriedly. And wiped his tears.

Shubhman took plate of food and pick a small piece of apple to feed ishan it's necessary or else ishan won't able to take medicine.

"Ish please eat a little..then take medicine. You will feel better..." Shubhman said.

"Don't wanna.." Ishan said weakly and turn his face other way.

"Baby...you need to eat or else medicine will harm you.." Shubhman tried to coax ishan, he didn't pay any mind to the nickname which just slipped from his lips.

Unwilling ishan eat that small piece of apple. Shubhman took a sigh of relief and gave him medicine to ishan who slowly eat it.

Shubhman put the plate of food and glass of water away and covered ishan with blanket. Ishan hugged blanket tightly and closed his eyes to sleep.

But even after 30 minutes, Ishan's fever didn't went down, making Shubhman worried to his core. Ishan keep shivering, even after being covered in thick blanket.

Shubhman took ishan's feet in his lap and start rubbing them but it seems like nothing was working.

"Why is he still shivering? Why is the medicine not working?I have done all I can but he is still so cold.."Shubhman thought, stressed.

Suddenly something come into his mind and his face darkened...but now he don't have any other choice, slowly his hands moved to his shirt, and with in a second Shubhman stood bare Chested infront of bed.

He slowly lifted blanket from Ishan's body and with gentle hands he took off Ishan's tshirt. Then he slipped next to shivering male.

"You will be warm in no time ish..after waking up you can yell at me all you want. I'm sorry ish..I know i don't have right to touch you this intimately, especially when my conscience is not clear because of that stupid question... But i'm doing it for you..hope you will forgive me.."Shubhman thought while, staring at ishan's pale face.

With these thoughts, Shubhman put his left hand under ishan's head and pulled him close to his chest by other hand. Ishan's hands were trapped between their body. Shubhman gently placed Ishan's face in his crook of neck while putting his own face in ishan's shoulder bled.

( something like this but magine them laying on bed next to each other but in this same position )

Shubhman's breathe fanned over ishan's shoulder. He can smell an unknown but alluring fragrance from Ishan's body.

"This is him..this is how he smells.Its just like him, beautiful and fresh..."Shubhman thought while bringing their bodies impossibly close.

He hold Ishan securely in his embrace. It's not like they have never hugged before but something about this hug is so Electrifying, that it somehow left Shubhman breathless.

Belatedly He noticed how his breath become ragged and laboured while his heart going crazy inside his chest.

"I hope ish doesn't hear it.." He prayed to god.

He tried to distract himself but just couldn't do it, because no matter where his mind wandered it always stop at the same male, who is right now in his arms.

Just like that Shubhman realised how his mind and heart is filled with thoughts his bestfriend. He look at ishan. their body contact had the desired result. Ishan almost stop shivering because of their body heat. Shubhman' mind finally relaxed a little.

Shubhman took Ishan's one hand and put it around his neck and pressed their body together. Ishan immediately snuggled more to the source of warmth in his subconscious mind.

Shubhman let his hands travel south and placed it on ishan's lower back. He start drawing gentle circles on other's back.

"Tell me ish...why i'm feeling this? What have you done to me?! Or i'm just going insane?..." Shubhman mumbled softly.

"Hmm.." Suddenly ishan let out a hum which sounded more like moan, right next to Shubhman's ear.

Shubhman stopped breathing for a second, his whole body jolt when he hear that sweet yet seductive sound. But he composed himself.

"Has he regained his consciousness?"  Shubhman thought to himself.

He tried to pull away from embrace while pulling his hand back from Ishan's lower back but ishan clung to him tightly, refusing to let him go.

"n-no...closer...come closer...I can't see you.." Ishan mumbled in his sleep and hide his face more in Shubhman's neck. He start rubbing his body on Shubhman's body.

Shubhman cursed mentally when he felt his lower body reacting to friction. He tried to pull his lower body away but ishan didn't let him. At the end Shubhman gave up and stay still.

That's all he can do right now because if he makes move, he does not know what he will end up doing.

"He is dreaming.." Shubhman reminded himself.

"Ish...try to focus, i'm right here next to you...you need to let me go" Shubhman gently said to ishan. He doesn't know if other can hear him or not but still he tried.

"Closer...let me see you, s-shubh..i want you clo-" ishan keep mumbling in his sleep while his lips touched Shubhman neck. Suddenly ishan bit on his neck in sleep.

"Ahhh..ish.." Shubhman groaned as pleasure shoot in his whole body when Ishan's lips touched his skin.

And with that, his right hand which had retreated from Ishan's back, now it's back, gently caressing Ishan's lower back, while his mouth find it's way to the only place it could reach...Ishan's beautiful shoulder blade.

He suck on it. He start kissing and nibbling on ishan's shoulder. If anyone could see him now, he would be unrecognisable.

He doesn't have his usual calm look, his whole body was flushed with desire and need for ishan. All raw emotions were on his face exposed to eyes.

He start leaving wet kisses on ishan's shoulder and moved to his neck. He start sucking on Ishan milky skin, leaving little red marks on it.

Suddenly something hit him and he realised that maybe, just maybe abhishek was not spouting nonsense. After few seconds he stop kissing. And stared at ishan's shoulder and neck.

He felt an odd satisfaction when he saw Ishan's collarbone and shoulder covered with his marks. He still need time to figure out his feelings. He need to make sure what it is.

Is it just physical attraction or something more dangerous likelove?

_____________________________________

Note:

Please read-  I will be gone for 15-20 days as my sister wedding is coming. So I will be busy with preparation.

Wait for me patiently.

And please share your views on this chapter. Let me know if i'm taking things too fast.

See you soon.