Chapter - 7
===========

Happy new year Everyone 🎉🎊🏮!! This new year bring only happiness to your life 🥰❤️🥀!!______________________________________

Author's POV*************

The next morning come rather early than expected. Two bestfriends were still sleeping while cuddling each other tightly.

Their alarm clock ringed, and surprisingly the first one to wake up was ishan. He slowly opened his eyes, adjusting to light.

And the first thing that come infront of his eyes was shubham's peaceful sleeping face. Ishan smiled softly and raised his hand to side the hair strands which were falling on shubham's eyes.

But stopped midway when his eyes feel on shubham's naked chest. Only then he noticed their current position, how both of them are cuddling, bare chested.

Ishan froze for a second, than suddenly remember last night incident, how he was feeling cold all of sudden, then suddenly warmth engulfing him.

"That warmness in my sleep was shubh hugging me?" Ishan thought mentally, while his cheeks start heating up.

Ishan don't know why but he felt something warm in his stomach at shubhman's care. He felt special for some reasons.

As he was busy with his thoughts, shubhman also woke up and stared at his frozen state.

"Ish.." He called for ishan's attention.

Ishan flinched at his husky morning voice and in panick, he pushed shubhman away with force making other fall on the floor, hard.

Shubhman hissed in pain,but immediately get up. He misunderstood ishan's reaction, thinking that ishan is angry about thing body heat giving thing.

"Ish...I can explain.. Please.. Please don't hate me.." Shubhman hurriedly pleaded looking desperate.

Ishan come back to his sense and hurriedly get up to check Shubhman.

"You are okay right? I'm sorry for pushing you...I just got startled.." Ishan apologized looking guilty.

"And why were you saying sorry?" Ishan asked confusingly.

Shubhman hold his both hands and stare in ishan's worried eyes.

" for touching you when you were not in your right state of mind. But believe me ish, I just wanted to warm you..." Shubhman explained himself., looking all panicked.

"Shh..shh, calm down it's okay. And thank you for always caring for me, I dont hate you meri jaan..come here..."

By saying this ishan pulled Shubhman in a comforting hug, still both of them were half naked, its not like Shubhman mind.

Shubhman nuzzled his face in ishan neck and inhaled his sweet body scent to calm himself.

"He doesn't hate me...he won't leave me.." Shubhman keep repeating it like a mantra in his mind, while hugging ishan tightly.

Suddenly someone knocked loudly on the door from outside, making both of them pull away from hug.

"Boys...come downstairs, breakfast is ready.." It was kuldeep.

"Will be there in 5 minutes bhaiya.." Shubhman replied from inside.

"Okay.." Kuldeep said and left.

"Let's fresh&up. And go downstairs.." Ishan said while grabbing a tshirt from his wardrobe.

Shubhman did the same and both of them hurriedly fresh&up. And left for dining room....Right now everyone are present on the dining table while eating their breakfast in a peaceful silence.

"Ishu...How's your injury now?" Virat asked , breaking the silence.

"I'm fine bhaiya...it's not even paining now. I'm fully fit to practice today.." Ishan replied warmly.

Shubhman who was sitting just beside him, immediately frowned.

"No..you won't practice today...we can't take risk...what if it worsen?" Shubhman said firmly.

"But-" ishan was about to protest but rohit cut him in.

"No buts, ishu...shubhman is right, take rest for two days, than you can join the practice and I don't want any arguments.." Rohit said strictly, using his captain tone, clearly not in mood to take no from ishan.

Ishan nodded while sighing in defeat, after all they are saying for his own good. Everyone resume their breakfast with casual talking in between.

After finishing their breakfast, everyone directly headed to field to practice, ishan also followed them.

"You just sit here and watch...no jumping here and there got it?" Shubhman told ishan, after all he know Ishan's groofy nature.

Ishan immediately pouted, at being treated like some kid.

"Who are you? My dad?" Ishan asked while scowling at him.

To which Shubhman gave him a flirty smirk and leaned close to ishan's face.

"Not dad but i can be yourdaddy sweetheart.." He said in a deep voice, Looking a little too serious to be taken it as just a joke.

Ishan felt an electric shock in his whole body when heard Shubhman. The things Shubhman do to his heart with his words, are unexplainable. He tried his best to blush infront of Shubhman and composed himself.

"Ewww...shubh go away and practice.." Ishan pretended to make a disgusting face and pushed Shubhman away.

Shubhman laughed at his reaction, before entering the field and starting his practise with other teammates.

Ishan start cheering for Shubhman, whenever he play a good shot, encouraging Shubhman, while other members just shake their head.

After 2 hours of practice, everyone sit down on the field, feeling tried. Ishan hurriedly run to shubhman with a bottle of water.

"Here shubh...drink some water, you must tired" Ishan said while opening cap of the bottle before passing it to Shubhman.

Shubhman gladly took the bottle, muttering a "thankyou" to ishan, who smiled and sit beside Shubhman.

Other members, who just witnessed this whole scene of so cold "Friendly affection", couldn't help but thought mentally,

"Are we invisible or what?"

"Ishu...we are tired too, what about us?" Surya asked,on the behalf of everyone.

Before ishan could get up to bring them water too, shubham held his hand to stop him and shifted his graze to surya.

"Bhaiya...He is injured, and it's not like that you can't bring water for everyone, right bhaiya..." Shubham replied, as if he was challenging surya to refuse him.

But thankfully, surya cherished his life so without any words, he and hardik left to bring water for other members too.

When surya went away, ishan smacked hard Shubhman on his shoulder, making Shubhman look at him with a raise eyebrow.

"What?!" Shubhman asked.

"That was rude shubh, you can't talk to your teammate like that, and he is our senior too..." Ishan scolded him, in a hush tone. Clearly looking a little upset.

Shubhman hate it when ishan gets upset with him. He felt something sour in his heart, when ishan gets upset.

Soon, surya and hardik come back with water bottles and sit on their previous place.

"Umm..sky bhaiya?" Shubhman called.

"Hmm.." Surya hummed, giving him full attention.

"I'm sorry... I shouldn't have talk like that with you...i'm sincerely sorry bhaiya.." Shubhman apologized to him.

Surya looked a little taken back at his sudden apology but his waved his hand in a care free manner and said,

"It's okay... I didn't take any offense, you can always talk freely with me,"

"Thankyou bhaiya... " Shubhman said softly.

Ishan who was sitting beside him, couldn't help hut glance at shubhman with a soft smile on his lips. And hugged Shubhman from side.

"What happened?" Shubhman asked, fondly looking at clinging man.

"Nothing...i'm happy that you apologized to bhaiya..i'm proud of you.." Ishan replied softly and give his famous smile to Shubhman.

Shubhman, immediately castes his eyes down. It's been a month but still, he couldn't bring himself to look at that bright smile directly.

"Anything for you and your smile.." Shubhman said in his heart.

"Okay guys break is over, let's get back to practice.. Come on guys.." Rohit sudden shouted to gain everyone attention.

Everyone groaned tiredly but still get up from ground including Shubhman and ishan.

"Go back to sitting area and cheer for me..." Shubhman said to ishan while ruffling Ishan's hair gently.

"Okay... But stop messing my hair" ishan said and get little away from Shubhman, to protect his precious hair.

"Fine, you whinny kid.." Shubhman said teasingly, and immediately run away from there, knowing how much ishan hate being called "kid"

"WHO ARE YOU CALLING " KID", MR.GILL?!" Ishan shouted irritatedly at the top of his lungs at shubhman.

Whole indian team laughed at their banter and get back to their practice, while Ishan get back to sitting area, stomping his feet on the ground, looking like a angry little kid.

At 2 P.M, rohit finally decided to end today's practice session. Everyone run towards sitting area like some released criminals. And half layed on the their chair, looking dead tired.

Shubhman also followed them and sit left side to ishan's chair as virat was sitting on the right. But ishan waa busy in scratching his shoulder blade with an irritated look on his face.

"What happened ishu? Why are you scratching your shoulder like this?" Virat asked in confusion.

Shubhman doesn't know why but he is feeling like he is forgetting something important but the question is what.

"I don't know bhaiya...for some reason it's itching here so much..I can't even see what it is.." Ishan huffed, twisting his head to look at itching area on his shoulder.

"Leaned a little closer ,let me see..." Virat said ,and turned his body towards ishan.

Ishan nodded and leaned closer to virat. Virat held his tshirt and slid it a little to make Ishan's shoulder visible to his eyes.

Only then shubhman realised what he was forgetting. And before he could stop virat,it was already too late, the damage was done.

As expected, Everyone gasped comically when they saw those red patches on Ishan's shoulder blade. Shubhman facepalmed himself with a sigh.

Now how will he explain this to everyone?

Hardik was noting his every movement, from start. He felt a little suspicious in his heart.

"What happened? Why are you guys looking at my neck like that??" Ishan asked looking all anxious.

"W-why your shoulder is covered with red marks?" Virat asked looking beyond shocked.

"What red marks?" Ishan let out in confusion.

Siraj opened his phone camera and clicked his neck picture before handing it to ishan. Ishan look at picture,

"Ohh..I think it's because of heat, after all in july it's normal to have rashes because of heat..." Ishan replied naively.

And for the first time, Shubhman felt grateful to ishan's naive nature. Shubhman can finally sigh in relief now.

But other members stared at ishan like he is some kind of fool. Half of them are married, so ofcourse they can tell by just one glance that those red patches are anything but rashes.

While hardik keep looking at shubhman as if trying to read his inner thoughts. Then he take out his phone and drop a message in a specific group, with name  "Matchmakers ofishman".

"I'm telling you, it's Shubhman's doing..just look at his tense expressions.." - text send by hardik.

And suddenly Everyone's except rohit, virat, Shubhman and ishan, phone made ding sound, indication of new message. Which obviously gained remaining four's attention.

"What is it? " rohit questioned.

Shreyas took out his phone and opened the message, he glared at hardik when he read the text, while hardik start staring here and there while whistling.

Shreyas sighed and shifted his graze back to their captain, before passing an awkward smile to him.

"Nothing bhaiya...hardik just share some instagram memes..." Shreyas lied while praying to god to not let rohit doubt him.

"Yeah shreyas is right, it's just some funny memes.." Kl rahul also played along with shreyas lie.

"But then why didn't you send us too?" Virat asked referring to rohit and himself, looking a little suspiciously at hardik.

"Ohh that...because it's not for old peoples.." Hardik replied sarcastically, knowing this will divert their attention.

"And not for kids too..." Surya immediately stated ,when he saw how ishan was also about to ask, then why hardik didn't send it to him and Shubhman.

"Eh, how dare you can me old? Rohit is old not me.." Virat said looking offended.

"Heyy... Why are you dragging me in this?" Rohit stated, clearly feeling annoyed.

And with that, rohit and virat start bickering with each other about who is old and who is not. While other tried to stop them. And with that, they completely forget about Ishan's issue.

Ishan was busy in laughing whileShubhman stare at all the chaos infront of him and sighed.

"Narrowly escaped, thanks to hardik bhaiya's instagram memes..."

_______________________________________

Note:

Another chapter is here.it's long chapter,hope you all will like it.Please tell me how it is in comments.

And don't forget to vote for the chapter if you like it.

See you in next update,❤️