Chapter - 8
===========

Author's POV**************At night in hardik room, there 7 members are glaring at the man, who is sitting on the bed with an guilty look on his face.

"I'm sorry okay? Please stop glaring at me like that, it's giving me chills.." Hardik said while rubbing his both arms.

Kl rahul smacked hardik's head, making him hiss in pain.

"Do you even realise because of your carelessness, we were about to get exposed?" Kl rahul scolded him irritatedly.

"Yes, couldn't you be patient for a while huh? You just sent the message right infront of rohit bhaiya and virat bhaiya...it was good that they didn't find anything suspicious or else we would have been in great trouble..." Siraj also joined.

Everyone nodded agreeing with siraj. Hardik's pouted at being scolded by everyone.

"Okay fine...I will be more careful from next time.." Hardik said while sighing in defeat.

"Good for you!!..." Everyone said in unison. Making hardik scowl.

"But do you really think, that those marks were made by Shubhman?" Shreyas asked, looking a little doubtful.

Hardik immediately nodded and said confidently,

"I can bet my life on it..."

Actually this whole group thing started when hardik start noticing changes in Shubhman's behaviour against ishan.

So he made a group with others, who also think same like him, to discuss the plans to bring their youngest together.

But now it's looking like they don't need to do anything as Shubhman is already two steps ahead than them.

"Then let's wait and see..how things unfold between them.." Jadeja said.

"Yes, that's all we can do now...let's go back guys...we still need prepare cake for ishan's midnight birthday surprise.." Kl rahul reminded others.

"Yeah,let's go.." Everyone nodded.

And with that, their meeting come to the end and everyone one by one start leaving hardik's room....Ishan was sleeping peacefully on his bed, without any care of world.Slowly a shadow walked to his bed and hovered over him. That shadow lifted it's hand and start shaking ishan.

Ishan whined in sleep at disturbance but still didn't opened his eyes. Making that shadow shake ishan with more force,

finally ishan opened his eyes after lots of shaking, only to let out a frightening scream the next moment but that shadow immediately covered his mouth with it's palm.

Ishan stared at shadow with wide eyes, unable to form any sentence.

"Shhh...shh it's me..Shubhman.." That shadow or now Shubhman said in huss tone and turn on the lamp of bedside.

Ishan who finally saw his face in light, closed his eyes in relief. For a moment he thought he is going to get kidnapped.

Shubhman removed his palm from Ishan's mouth. Ishan immediately sit on the bed and start hitting Shubhman's chest with his fist.

"You fool, you scared me to death.." Ishan shouted at him.

Shubhman held his both fist in a tight grip and pulled ishan towards himself, before leaving his hands.

"Sorry for that, but i want to go on long drive.." Shubhman replied softly.

Ishan look at the time and frowned.

"At 11: 00 pm? Are you crazy?" Ishan couldn't help but ask.

To which Shubhman just shrugged his shoulders,

" Long drives are best enjoyed only at late nights, my dear ish.." Shubhman replied in singing tone.

"Ohh then how about you go alone because i love my sleep more..now let me sleep.."

Ishan was about to lay down again but Shubhman stopped him by grabbing his hand.

"Please ish..I promise today's night will be best night of your life. Please...I don't want to go alone..." Shubhman pleaded while giving his puppy eyes.

He is really miserable when it comes to shubhman isn't it?. Ishan sighed in defeat and look at shubhman.

"Arghh...fine, let me get changed.." Ishan said.

Shubhman gave him a wide dimple smile and immediately engulfed ishan in a bear hug.

"You won't regret it, i promise.." Shubhman said and pulled away from hug.

"I hope so.." By saying this ishan get up and start getting ready.

After 10 minutes, ishan was fully ready for their long drive plan. Shubhman held his hand and grab his keys from drawer before both of them exited their room.

With slow steps, they come downstairs while looking here and there to avoid encounter with their any teammate.

They sighed in relief when they successfully come out from apartment without getting caught by anyone.

"You wait here...i will be back in few minutes,.." Shubhman said.

And before ishan could ask anything, he already left from there. Ishan stood at the empty road which in infront of their apartment, waiting for Shubhman.

After five minutes, ishan heard a bike horn from a little away from him. He turn to look at in that direction and become surprised.

( something like this, but ignore helmet)

There was shubhman on his bike, smiling at him. Ishan ran to him and stop infront of bike.

"Get on..." Shubhman said.

"Long drive on bike? I never heard of it..." Ishan asked while chuckling.

" i'm Shubhman gill...ofcourse i'm unique.. " Shubhman said cockily.

"Yeah yeah mr. Shubhman gill.." Ishan laughed and get on the bike.

Shubhman grabbed Ishan's hand and placed it on his waist.

"Hold me tight if you don't want to fall.."

Ishan smiled softly before hugging Shubhman tightly. He leaned his head on shubham's back.

Shubhman stare at ishan through rare view mirror of bike and smiled before starting the bike in speed and leaving from there.

Ishan was mesmerized by the night view, he keep looking at sky with his sparkle eyes, Shubhman was right he won't regret it.

"You are liking it?" Shubhman asked as looked at Ishan thought rare view, while driving the bike.

"I'm loving it shubh...it's so beautiful.." Ishan shouted smiling widely while staring the sky.

"Indeed it's so beautiful..." Shubhman mumbled slowly while staring at ishan's reflection in rare view mirror, which ofcourse ishan didn't heard.

After driving aimlessly for 50 minutes, on the empty roads of mumbai, Shubhman suddenly stopped the bike infront of a house.

( the house )

Ishan stare at house in confusion.

"Get down.." Shubhman said while looking back at ishan.

Ishan nodded and get off from bike, shubhman also did the same.

"Let's go inside.." Shubhman said while holding Ishan's hand.

Ishan wanted to ask, whose house is this? But didn't said anything and start walking with Shubhman.

Shubhman punched the password in the lock and soon heard a click sound, the door was unlocked.

"You go inside first, I think i forget to take the keys out of the bike..let me get them.." Suddenly shubhman said while checking his pockets.

Ishan nodded before mumbling a okay to shubhman. Ishan then opened the door wide and walked inside.

Shubhman stare at ishan going inside first and smiled feeling happy. Forgetting bike keys was just an excuse.

Actually he bought this house a week ago and for some reasons he wanted Ishan to be the first one to step into this house, not anyone else including himself. Even his family don't know about this house.

After few minutes, Shubhman also walked inside and closed the door behind. He saw ishan sitting on the couch. He approached him and sit beside him.

"Shubh.. Whose house is this?" Ishan finally asked.

And Shubhman stared at him like he is some rare species.

"Is there anything here or is it completely empty huh?" Shubhman asked while poking Ishan's forehead.

Making Ishan's gasp, feeling offended.

"Are you saying i'm dumb?" He asked in disbelief.

"I see...you can still be saved.." Shubhman replied with a thoughtful expression, only to get a smack on his head by ishan.

Ishan huffed and turned his face away, not looking at shubhman. Shubhman smiled and cupped his face and made Ishan face him again.

"My naive baby...ofcourse this is my house. Otherwise do you think i'm a thief, who would know the password of someone else's house?" Shubhman asked while cupping Ishan's face.

At this moment ishan really felt stupid. Shubhman laughed at ishan's funny expression and released his face.

Shubhman eyes fall on the wall clock, he immediately become alert when he saw it's already, 11:55 P.M.

"Ish..how about I give you my new house's tour?..." Shubhman suggested.

Ishan excitedly nodded and get up to go with shubhman.

"Let's start with upstairs..." Shubhman said.

"Okay... Lead the way mr.gill.." Ishan replied, while chuckling.

Shubhman start walking towards stairs with ishan following him behind. Soon they reached first floor, ishan start looking here and there, the interior of the house was so good, exactly his taste.

"I also love this type of interiors.. We have similar taste I guess.." Ishan said while roaming in corridor.

"Hmmm.." Shubhman hummed while slowing his steps.

"Ofcourse it will match your taste after all I only bought this house because you like these type of interiors.." Shubhman said in his heart.

Soon ishan start walking in front, with shubhman following him behind now. Slowly distance between both of them start increasing.

Ishan reached infront of a room, he gently pushed the door, surprisingly it was unlocked. Ishan entered inside but whole room was filled with darkness. He couldn't see a single thing.

"Shubh, whose room is-" ishan turn around to look at shubhman but found no one.

"Shubh,...shubhman are you playing hide and seek with me now?" Ishan asked while biting his lips nervously. He hates dark places, it suffocates him.

Just when he was about to panic, suddenly the whole room's light turn on. Ishan let out a gasp of surprise when he look at decoration and very big" happy birthday " written just above bed area, with lots of gift boxes on bed.

And soon closely followed a singing voice of Shubhman.

"Happy birthday to you!!...happy birthday dear ishan...happy birthday to you..."

Ishan covered his mouth, without knowing his eyes turn a little moist, when shubham entered the room with cake in his hand.

Shubhman  walked to near table and placed the cake on it and turn to look at Ishan, who is still froze on his spot.

"Today is my birthday? And you prepared all this for me?" Ishan asked still shocked.

Shubhman remembered his birthday when he, himself forget about it. Oh does he felt special? Yes he does, very much. His heart flutter at shubhman's gesture.

"Yeah dummy...now make a wish and blow the candles.." Shubhman replied.

Ishan nodded and walked to shubhman before closing his eyes to make a wish while joining his both hands.

"I want Shubhman to always stay in my life.."

Ishan opened his eyes and stare at shubhman with some unknown emotion in his eyes before blowing the candles.

"Let's cut the cake.." Shubhman said while giving cake knife to ishan.

Ishan took the knife and bend a little to cut the cake, he cut the cake and Shubhman clapped while singing birthday song.

Ishan took a small cake piece before puting it infront of Shubhman's mouth and mentioned him to eat it.

Shubhman opened his mouth and took a bit of it before taking the piece from Ishan's hand and made ishan eat it.

Ishan eat the cake and immediately throw himself on shubhman who stumbled a little but wrapped his arms around ishan and hugged him back tightly.

"Thankyou...thankyou so much shubh. This night is best night of my life shubh...i will never forget it..." Ishan expressed.

"Pleasure is all mine, sweetheart..." Shubhman replied and caressed Ishan's hair, still hugging him.

Ishan then pulled away from hug, Shubhman then walked to bed and pick the big bag and give it to ishan, who look at the bag in confusion.

"Go and wear this...i want to know how you will look in these clothes.." Shubhman said when saw Ishan's confused expression.

"But what was the need for this? You had already planned so much.." Ishan said at such waste of money.

"Stop behaving like a housewife, and do what i say..or perhaps you are interested in becoming Mrs. Gill?" Shubhman teased him.

Ishan chocked on his on spit when he heard Shubhman. And composed himself and glared at shubhman.

"Mrs.gill, my foot...i'm going.."

By saying this ishan hurriedly went inside bathroom to change, leaving a laughing shubhman in room....Few minutes ago, at ICT team apartment, whole team was standing infront of ishman's room.

Virat stood infront of whole team with cake in his hand, they had planned to surprise ishan at correct 12 A.M.

" Surya open the room..." Rohit said in huss tone.

"But what if the door was locked from inside?" Siraj asked.

"Then we can call Shubhman and tell him to open the door, now first check atleast.." Virat replied getting impatient and looked at surya.

Surya nodded and rotate the doorknob and guess what door was unlocked. They share a look among themselves and slowly one by one entered the room.

As lights were off, they didn't saw that beds were empty, and made their way towards Ishan's bed.

But as they get close they made out the bed was empty.

Shreyas turn on the lights and sure enough whole room was empty. Even Shubhman was not in room.

"Where would both of them have gone this late at night?" Kl rahul asked in confusion.

"Make a wild guess...indeed shubhman is always two steps ahead of us " Hardik stated while shaking his head with sigh.

As they heard hardik, a realisation falls upon them.

Their birthday boy has been stolen by no one other than shubhman Gill, himself!!

Virat closed his eyes in frustration, while rohit patted his shoulder.

"SHUBHMAN. FUCKING. GILL.." Virat shouted in annoyance.

" like some fools, we prepared all this to surprise ishu, just to greeted by this empty room? I will kill that Shubhman once he returns..." Virat huffed angrily, putting that cake away.

"May god save shubh from virat's wrath because we won't..." Everyone prayed in their heart while looking at angry virat going out of the room.______________________________________

Note:

Long chapter once again. I don't know how it always because long.

Anyway please share your views on this chapter.

See you in next update.