Chapter - 9
===========

Author's POV**************

Shubhman was using his phone while sitting on bed, waiting for ishan to come out. But it seems like other isn't planning to come out any time soon, testing Shubhman's patience.

Shubhman finally had enough, he walked to bathroom door and knocked on it,

"Ish...will you come out today itself?" Shubhman asked impatiently.

Soon, he heard ishan's insecure voice from inside of bathroom

"I'm not sure if i'm looking good in these clothes...after all I don't wear clothes like these..."

Shubhman sighed when he heard his reply.

"Whether you are looking good or not, leave that to me...just come out, i'm waiting.." Shubhman said in a calm voice.

"Fine but close your eyes first.." Ishan's hesitant voice replied.

"Okay..."

With that Shubhman went back to sit on the bed and closed his eyes. Few seconds later, a click sound was heard in room, and ishan come out from bathroom.

He look at close eyed Shubhman and walked to him. Shubhman immediately sensed his presence near him.

"Can I open my eyes now?" Shubhman asked patiently.

"Yeah.." Ishan let out softly.

Shubhman slowly opened his eyes and his breath hitched, ishan was looking ethereal. He let his eyes roam at ishan's body from head to toe. He never thought he would find any man beautiful but there stand ishan.

( ishan's dress )

While ishan keep biting his lips nervously, under Shubhman's intense graze. He really want to hear something, maybe a compliment from Shubhman to calm his insecurities.

"It's bad..."bad for my heart and sanity.Shubhman completed the sentence in his heart.

"See...I knew these type of clothes are not for me!!...i'm going to change it.." Ishan, who only heard half sentence, replied letting his insecurities win.

Ishan turn around to go to the bathroom. Only then Shubhman realised that ishan took it all wrong and immediately get up before hugging ishan from behind, stopping him.

"What are you doing shubh? Let me go i need to change.." Ishan said tried to break Shubhman's hold but failed.

"You misunderstood my words, ish. I didn't meant it like that. You are looking breathtaking in these clothes, believe me ish, i'm not laying. You are looking so beautiful that anyone's self control would waver after seeing you..." Shubhman showered ishan with lots of praises and compliments, making ishan smile shyly.

Ishan blushed so bad that he was looking like a tomato. Blushing and shyness is not Ishan's thing but he just couldn't help it, when Shubhman adores him like this.

"Including Me, you are making me question my self control ish..and you are not even aware about it..."

Shubhman thought while looking at ishan's blushing cheeks, oh how bad he want to bit those cheeks, this thought made him tightened his grip around Ishan's waist.

"So never feel insecure about yourself, you are prefect in every aspects.." Shubhman said and make ishan turn towards himself.

Ishan nodded his head while biting his lips, a habit whenever he feels overwhelmed or nervous.

Shubhman put his thump on Ishan's lower lip, making ishan's breath quicken and tugged his lower lips away from ishan's teeth.

"Stop biting your lips...it will leave bruise.." Shubhman said and for some reason his voice sounded a little thick.

Shubhman rubbed his thump against Ishan's lower lip, making ishan held his breath subconsciously. Shubhman licked his own lips before retreating his hand back.

"Umm.." Only then Ishan let out timidly.

Shubhman smiled and held Ishan's hand ,walking towards mirror. He made Ishan stand infront of mirror.

"I have two beautiful things to complete this look of yours.. Wait a minute.." Shubhman said and went to get two gifts small bags from bed.

Ishan just stare at him in confusion. Shubhman opened the first gift box and take out a neck chain.

"You know if you keep spending on me like this , you will spoil me.." Ishan said.

Shubhman gave him a smile and stand behind ishan, now looking at ishan through mirror

" and i can afford your expenses..now stand still and let me put this on you.." Shubhman said and stood a little closer to ishan.

He put the chair around Ishan's neck and closed it's lock behind Ishan's neck, making ishan wear that chain properly.

( neck chain )

"Do you like it?" Shubhman asked.

Ishan touched the chain around his neck, and give a beautiful smile to shubhman, through mirror.

"I loved it, shubh..." Ishan replied.

"Now last thing to complete the look.."  Shubhman said and took the second small gift bag in his hand.

"How many more surprises you have planned?" Ishan asked with a disbelief look on his face.

"I promise this is the last one,..." Shubham said while smiling innocently.

Ishan really want to smack the smile off shubhman's face, but this doesn't mean he is not feeling touched by Shubhman's efforts to make his birthday special.

"Lift your left hand sleeve.." Shubhman instructed.

Ishan did what he was told, Shubhman took out a beautiful chain bracelet, that he bought without abhishek's knowledge and made ishan wear it, around his wrist.

( bracelet )

And ishan won't lie that the bracelet was so beautiful, so his taste. He have a special love for accessories and Shubhman knows it.

"Now your look is done..." Shubhman said with a satisfied look on his face.

"You know if I was a girl...I would have fell in love you because of your sweet gestures...you literally treated me like some princess..." Ishan said jokingly.

Shubhman stare at his smiling face and pulled ishan close by grabbing his elbow. And stare into ishan's doe eyes with his dark one's.

" just because you are boy doesn't mean you can't feel moved by my gesture... So tell me are you falling for me, hmmMy Princess?" Shubhman asked looking all serious.

Ishan felt himself drowning in those dark eyes of Shubhman, his mind went blank.

"Maybe..." Ishan whispered,looking dazed.

"huh?" Shubhman let out confusingly as he didn't quite heard ishan clearly.

Ishan snapped out of his daze and made little distance between them and said.

"I said keep dreaming, Mr.Gill.." Ishan replied sassily and struck his tongue out at him.

"Woah- you really have a sharp tongue.." Shubham said with scoff....Currently the duo is cuddling on the couch in living room. They are watching a romantic movie, chosen by ishan. They were so busy in enjoying each other's company that they didn't even checked the time.

Ishan was so watching it with full interest, as the main leads of movie are finally confessing to each other after lot's of obstacles.

Suddenly a question come into ishan's mind.

" shubh, what kind of partner do you want?" Ishan asked.

Shubhman looked a little confuse at sudden question but still replied,

"Someone who will love me.."

Ishan sighed and pulled away from Shubhman and stare at him.

"Everyone loves you and ofcourse you will not date all of them..i'm asking about something specific.." Ishan said while rolling his eyes.

To which, Shubhman smirked slightly and leaned a little closer to ishan's face.ishan stare at him with an raised eyebrow.

"You said everyone loves me..Do you love me too?" Shubhman asked in a teasing tone.

"h-huh?!" Ishan was startled.

Sometimes he really wonders, just how could shubhman always twist his own words to use against him and trap him.

Ishan controlled his fast heartbeats and gave an unimpressed look to shubhman,

"Nope...not even a bit.." Ishan replied while rolling his eyes.

Although shubham know ishan was just joking around, still he decided to tease ishan a little and pretended to feel hurt by Ishan's words.

"Ohh.." He let out dejectedly, while looking down.

Ishan immediately panicked when he heard Shubhman's sad voice. And immediately cupped his face in his palms and look at him.

"I was kidding...ofcource i love you shubh, You are handsome and charming...who wouldn't love you?" Ishan said everything in one go.

" i don't care about other but yo-" shubhman immediately stopped himself, when realise the depth of the words that he was about to say.

"But what shubh?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Nothing..." Shubhman replied with sigh.

Ishan didn't ask any further, then his eyes fall on the clock and his expression turned horrified.

"What happened ish?" Shubhman asked when he saw his expressions.

"Nothing has happened yet but if we don't return to the apartment now, something will happen for sure...it's already 3:00 a.m in morning... Virat bhaiya will kill us for sure.." Ishan keep blabbering while panicking.

Shubhman held his hands and rubbed them to calm him,which actually worked.

"Shh..calm down, he won't even find out that we sneaked out..lets go, members wake up at 5:30 so we still can reach apartment before anyone of them wake up..." Shubhman said gently.

Ishan nodded and both of them get ready to leave. Ishan felt a little sad about leaving, as he really enjoyed his time there, this was the best birthday gift he could ever ask.

"Don't worry, if you want, I will bring you back here again..." Shubhman assured him, when he saw his a little sad face.

"Really? You are the best shubhi.." Ishan said and in excitement he kissed Shubhman's cheek,making other freeze.

Ishan stopped smiling when he realised what he just did and scolded himself.

"Shit, you are stupid ishan, he must have felt uncomfortable because of your silliness.."

Thinking like this ishan was about to apologize but stopped when he felt Shubhman's soft but a little rough lips on his cheeks.

Shubhman kissed his cheeks!!!

Now it was Ishan's turn to froze. He touched his cheek where Shubhman just kissed and stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

" The fruit of hard work is indeed very sweet.. " Shubhman said while smirking.

Shubhman chuckled when he didn't heard any reply from a very shocked ishan. He waved his hands infront of Ishan's face, snapping him out of shock.

"Shall we go now?" Shubhman said while making a hand gesture of "after you".

"O-Ofcourse..." Ishan replied while clearing his throat....The door of living room slowly opened, making as less sound as possible.

Then with light steps first Shubhman entered inside, closely ishan followed. Since, both of them were in hurry, they didn't payed mind to their surroundings as lights were off and hurriedly walked towards stairs.

Suddenly the lights of living room turned on, making both of them stop dead in track.

"Stop right there, both of you.." Virat's angry voice come from behind.

Shubhman cursed under his breath,while ishan turned pale when he heard virat's voice.

"We are screwed!!" Both of them thought, while sharing a look of self pity among themselves.

"Turn around.." This time rohit ordered sternly.

Shubhman and ishan turn around and saw whole ICT team present in living room, while glaring at them, more specifically at shubhman.

Virat picked his bat from the side of couch. Ishan gulped hard when virat start approaching them with his MRF bat in hand.

Just when virat was about to come more close to them, Shubhman come forward and hide ishan behind himself, protecting him.

"Bhaiya...don't blame ishan for it,  it was me who forced him to go out with me at night.." Shubhman said defending ishan.

Ishan really want to come forward and say that Shubhman didn't forced him but Shubhman gave him a look, to stop him from doing so.

Virat stare at shubhman in disbelief before scoffing in annoyance.

"Who said i'm blaming ishan? I'm blaming YOU...Run before i count to three, because if i caught you..you are dead meat.." Virat  threatened him while pointing his bat at shubhman.

"Bhaiya-" ishan started but virat cut him with his counting.

"123" Virat finished the counting in one breath, catching shubhman off guard.

"This is CHEATING!!!" Shubhman howled while running for his dear life around living room.

"This is nothing compare to what you have done to our surprise...i was standing like some fool with cake, only to find that both of you are nowhere in sight." Virat shouted and run behind Shubhman with his bat.

While other members just sit on the couch and start enjoying the tom and jerry show live. Oh how bad they miss popcorn right now.

No matter how fast you are in running, but you can never beat virat in speed, so in the end virat caught shubhman, who gave him an innocent smile in return.

"Don't try to fool me with that smile of your...I know you are devil in angel's disguise,.." Virat said, not falling for his innocent smile.

Seeing that no one is interested in saving Shubhman from virat, ishan decided to interfere. Ishan walked to them and held Virat's bat.

"Bhaiya...Please forgive Shubh, he did all this just make my birthday special, please bhaiya for me.." Ishan said while looking at virat with his big doe eyes.

Virat can resist anything but Ishan's pleading eyes. Virat sighed and shifted his graze back to shubhman,

" i'm leaving you because of ishan, otherwise i would have broken you legs today with my bat.." Virat said while glaring at shubhman.

"Got it sir.." Shubhman said and give a salute to virat, earning a smack from him.

Everyone chuckled at their bickering. And ishan and Shubhman also joined everyone on the couch with virat.

"So where is it?" Suddenly ishan asked.

"What is where?" Kl rahul asked in confusion.

"My cake, the one virat bhaiya is talking about..." Ishan replied with an excited smile.

"Oh...let me me bring it.." By saying this shreyas run towards kitchen.

Soon,he come back with cake in his hand with candles on top of it. Ishan clapped his hand excitedly, while everyone smiled fondly at him.

Shreyas placed the cake on middle table before sitting on his previous seat.

"Actually we wanted to wish you at midnight but thanks to someone, we couldn't able to do it..." Virat said while giving a side eyes to shubhman, who just shake his head.

Ishan chuckled at him and said,

"Then let's cut the cake and you all can wish me now, after all it's my birthday, whole day, today.."

"Yes!!" Everyone shouted in unison, excitedly.

______________________________________

Note:

Here is another chapter!!

I wrote it in hurry, so please tell me if it is good enough or not in comments.

See you in next chapterEnjoy.