Chapter - 10
============

Author's POV**************

"Can't we celebrate your birthday somewhere else? " shubhman asked while looking at ishan.

It's Evening and whole team want to celebrate Ishan's birthday in club as ishan love parties. So currently both of them are in their shared room.

Ishan who styling his hair infront of mirror , turn around and look at shubhman, who is still not ready.

( Ishan's Outfit )

" What's wrong with going club? " ishan asked back.

"I hate crowd and all, you already know that.." Shubhman replied with sigh.

"Let me ask you this...are you sure that you are punjabi? I mean punjabis loves parties and all but here you are.." Ishan said while shaking his head.

"Ofcourse i'm punjabi but i think you are forgetting that i'm a "Introvert" too.." Shubhman responded while emphasizing the Introvert word.

Ishan sighed and went to sit beside shubhman on bed and stare at shubhman with a soft graze.

"Don't worry I will not leave you side in club so that you won't feel uncomfortable there...now get up and change.." Ishan said softly and caressed shubhman's cheek affectionately.

Shubhman felt a little relax after hearing ishan and nodded his head, making ishan smile.

" Let me wash my face till then you pick out clothes for me.." Shubhman said before going inside bathroom.

Ishan gave stare at the bathroom door in disbelief before shouting irritatedly,

"WHO DO YOU THINK I AM? YOUR WIFE?!"

With in a second, he heard a reply from inside of bathroom.

"Well I don't mind you being my wife.."

The reply from Shubhman tied Ishan's tongue for once again with a wildly beating heart. Ishan sighed and walked to closest to pick clothes for Shubhman.

"Why do i even say anything to him, when my words always backfires on me?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Shubhman come out from bathroom and saw ishan mumbling with himself. He chuckled and slowly approached him and stood behind ishan.

He slowly wrapped his arms around Ishan's waist, making other jolt in surprise. Shubhman put his chin on Ishan's shoulder.

He felt happy when he saw ishan didn't took off the chain which he gifted him.

"What would I do without you.." Shubhman said softly, letting his breath tickle Ishan's neck.

Ishan's whole body shivered at their close proximity. He felt weak in knees because of shubhman soft yet deep voice.

" That's what i'm saying, you are so dependent on me that I wonder how will you able to live without me..." Ishan replied and mentally patted himself for not stuttering,

Shubhman's grip tightened around Ishan's waist when he heard "Without me" part.

"Then never leave me.." Shubhman let out in a whisper in foreign voice.

Ishan's couldn't able to detect change in shubhman's tone and replied,

"Yeah yeah whatever...stop back hugging me and wear these clothes,"

Shubhman loosened his hold around ishan. Ishan turn around with Shubhman's clothes in his hand and give it to shubhman.

Shubhman took the clothes and start changing while ishan went to get his wallet and wrist watch from bedside drawer.

" i'm going downstairs come fast after getting ready..." Ishan said while checking himself last time in mirror.

"Okay.." Shubhman replied while nodding.

Ishan then left the room and went downstairs. He saw almost everyone present in living room, dressed for party.

"Where is Shubhman?" Virat asked when he saw ishan coming alone.

"He is getting ready bhaiya...will here in few minutes.." Ishan replied and sit on the couch.

"You are looking great ishu, and that chain is enhancing your looks.." Hardik complimented ishan.

"Thankyou bhaiya, this chain is gift by Shubhman... And you all are looking good too.." Ishan replied with a smile and touched the chain around his neck.

"Ohohooo..gift and all" Hardik let out in a teasing manner.

"What's with this teasing tone bhaiya? Isn't it normal to buy gifts for friends?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Ignore him ishu...he is always like this.." Kl rahul said to ishan while glaring at hardik, who smiled at him sheepishly.

Ishan just nodded naively.

Everyone was busy in talking about random things while waiting for Shubhman, then suddenly they heard a loud shout from upstairs.

"ISH..WHERE HAVE YOU KEPT MY WALLET AND WATCH?! I CAN'T FIND IT..."

Ishan became embarrassed when he heard Shubhman's shout as now everyone is staring at him like hawk.

Ishan gave them an awkward smile and replied,

"Um..actually, he keeps his stuff and forgets it, that's why i have to take care of Everything of his...I will be back in few minutes.."

By saying this ishan run from there in full speed not wanting to embarrass himself more.

Whole living room fell in silence.

"I don't know why but for some reason i feeling single so bad..." Siraj let out breaking the silence.

" I'm married still I am feeling so single right now...I miss my wife.." Hardik joined and said dramatically.

Other also agreed with him and start whining like some kindergarten kids.

Virat shake his head at his team mates antics. And was about to tell them to stop acting silly then suddenly, he heard a voice from beside himself.

" I also forget things but you never take care of anything of mine, tsk tsk and you call yourself my bestfriend... "

Rohit said while sulking and shake his head feeling dejected.

Virat just stare at him feeling speechless, who will say he is the captain of indian team?

"Not you too rohit!!" Virat exclaimed while throwing his hands air.

Rohit totally ignored him and continue sulking....Ishan walked inside their shared room and glared at shubhman while narrowing his eyes.

"What happened?" Shubhman asked confused.

"You brainless human, why did you shouted like that, now everyone will tease me to death.." Ishan shouted at him.

" Not my fault, you should have placed them infront of mirror table like you always do..." Shubhman said like he is stating a fact.

Ishan huffed at him and walked to shubhman bedside drawer and opened the top drawer before taking out the wallet and watch from it.

"Here...can't you search by yourself? They were literally in top drawer.." Ishan said while giving them to shubhman.

Shubhman smiled at his annoyed expression as ishan is looking like a angry wife while complaining.

"Why would I, when i have you?" Shubhman replied with cheeky smile while wearing his watch.

( Shubhman's outfit )

"You know what...Whatever!! Let's go others are waiting.." Ishan said feeling done with other's bluntness. And exited the room

Shubhman laughed a little and run behind ishan....At club,Shubhman, virat, rohit and kl rahul with kuldeep and sami, they are sitting while enjoying the loud music but someone was not enjoying, not even a bit.

Shubhman was annoyed, no he was seething in anger, he clenched the glass of cocktail in his hand tightly while staring or more like glaring in a specific direction.

"Don't worry I will not leave your side, tsk..." Shubhman mimicked Ishan's words from earlier while gritting his teeth.

He keep shooting draggers at ishan who is too lost in dancing while laughing with Rishabh pant.

He angrily drink the whole grass of cocktail in one go, eyes never leaving the dancing duo.

Shubhman glared at Rishabh as if one murder was forgiven, he would have murdered him.

Because why not, since the moment he came,ishan didn't even bother to spare a single glance to shubhman.

"Who invited him?" Shubhman asked from virat, referring to Rishabh pant.

"Rishu? Hardik invited him..." Virat replied while sipping his cocktail.

Hardik, who was also dancing with other members ,just beside ishan, felt a shiver running down his spine. He turn around and met with Shubhman's dark glare.

Hardik hurriedly turn back and patted his chest in a comforting manner.

"Well that was scary....but why he is glaring at me like i have broken his marriage?" Hardik asked to himself, which shreyas heard as he was just beside him.

"You tell me, why did you invited rishab?" Shreyas asked while shouting a little because of loud music.

" He is our ishu's close friend.. That's why.." Hardik replied as if stating most the most obvious thing.

Shreyas gave him an unimpressed look and said,

"Oh please you are not that considerate and thoughtful...so spill the truth.."

"You know me well...I invited him to make Shubhman jealous, I'm getting tired of his denial state..jealousy is the best way to realise their true feelings...I mean what could go wrong?" Hardik responded,looking so proud for coming with such idea.

"Those are the four most dangerous words in the history of mankind.." Shreyas replied and mentally prayed to let hardik's plan work for once , because none of his plans had worked before.

Shubhman slammed the glass ont the table with force, startling others, when he saw Rishab holding Ishan's waist and ishan didn't removed it.

Shubhman had enough, he can't tolerate this anymore. Ishan isHIS, and he don't like sharing. He stood up to get what's his.

"Where are you going?" Rohit asked him.

"To claim what'sMINE.."

By saying this Shubhman walked towards dance floor with big and firm strides. While other started at his back in confusion.

"What does he mean by that?" Rohit asked others

Others shrugged their shoulders as they are also clueless at shubhman's sudden change in mood.

Ishan was busy dancing in with rishabh, his one of good friends. As they hardly meet, both of them were catching up while dancing and laughing.

But suddenly, someone tugged Ishan's elbow and turn him around with force, making ishan bump with a hard chest.

Ishan was about to shout at the person for being rude but stop when he saw it was Shubhman.

"Oh hi Shubhman, have you also come to dance with us?" Rishabh asked while giving a friendly smile.

Which shubhman returned with a forced and fake smile.

" No thanks...I come to get MY ish," Shubhman said while emphasizing the "MY" word.

When ishan heard Shubhman's tone, he stare at shubhman as he can tell Shubhman is angry about something. He know Shubhman too well.

And before rishab could reply, Shubhman gripped Ishan's wrist and start dragging him outside of club as no one was paying attention, they didn't notice them leaving the club.

Outside of club, Ishan tired to free his hand from Shubhman's iron grip but failed miserably. Shubhman keep dragging him to his car.

"Shubh... Leave my hand, you are hurting me.." Ishan shouted while struggling.

Shubhman pulled ishan and with a swift move, he pinned him roughly against his car before glaring at him darkly with his intense eyes.

"You are hurt? Then what about me ish? WHAT ABOUT ME?" Shubhman shouted angrily while shaking ishan furiously.

Ishan start getting scared, he stare at shubhman with wide eyes.

"W-what happened to you shubh? Why are you behaving like this?" Ishan asked while stuttering in fear,

To which, Shubhman let out a shallow chuckle, scaring ishan more. Shubhman leaned close to ishan's face. His eyes showing hurt and anger.

" You don't know why? Seriously ish?! Why were you hugging him? WHY?!" Shubhman yelled,while slamming his hand on car,just beside ishan.

Ishan flinched hard at slamming sound and stare into Shubhman's glaring eyes.

"He is my friend shubh, what's wrong with me hugging him? I also hug you.." Ishan asked confusingly, he couldn't understand why Shubhman is so angry about something like this.

But his answer only added fuel to Shubhman's anger. Shubhman grabbed Ishan by his waist and harshly pulled him close to his chest.

"So for you, me and him are same?" Shubhman asked while clenching his jaw in anger.

Before ishan could say anything, Shubhman nuzzled his face in ishan's neck and start leaving wet kisses there, Ishan start struggling.

"Shubh leave me...you are not in right state of mind...leave me.." Ishan shouted at shubhman but other didn't stop.

Shubhman trailed to ishan's jaw while leaving kisses and bit his earlobe, making ishan hiss.

"Would you let him do this to you too?" Shubhman demanded huskily.

Ishan stare in shubhman's eyes with is clouded with someone unreadable. It's like something has possessed him. He is looking so unrecognisable right now.

Shubhman start leaving sniffing kisses on Ishan's whole face, while breathing heavily. He wants to show ishan that he belongs to shubhman only.

"You are MINE...you are not allowed to touch any man beside me...make this fit in your pretty brain,Jaan.." Shubhman growled dominantly in ishan's ear.

Ishan's heart dropped when he heard Shubhman's voice. He start struggling more in shubhman's hold.

"P-please Leave me shubh...this is w-wrong...you are drunk...leave me.." Ishan let out while his voice cracked because of controlling his tears.

" doesn't matter if i'm drunk or not because this still doesn't change the fact that You are Mine...Only mine.." Shubhman whispered,too lost in his anger and jealousy.

Ishan continuously shaked his head in no. This wrong, a man should not say something like this to another man, it's sin. He hate himself, when his heart still fluttered at shubhman's possessiveness.

Tears start rolling down from his eyes, Shubhman's eyes immediately softened when he saw tears in ishan's eyes, he immediately put his lips on Ishan's tears to stop them from rolling down from his cheek.

At the same moment, ishan pushed Shubhman away with full force, making Shubhman stumble a little.

Ishan wiped his tears harshly. Shubhman was about to approached him again but ishan raised his palm to stop him.

"Don't...Don't you dare.." Ishan shouted while crying.

With that, ishan run back inside club while wiping his tears, leaving Shubhman there.

Shubhman stared at ishan's fading back and kicked his car's tire in anger.

"Ahhhhhh...dammit!!" Shubhman screamed while gripping his hair in frustration.

"Fuck...I Love him"

That was Shubhman's only thought as he slid down and sit on the ground while leaning his back against car and tears start falling from his eyes.

_______________________________________Note:

I tried my best to write this chapter, well i'm not good with words and emotions.

So please tell How's this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next update.