Chapter - 11
============

Author's POV**************Ishan keep staring blankly at particular nothing with an expressionless face, it's like everything around him has faded. He didn't have that cheerful around him.

His mind keep replaying the club incident like broken tape. He didn't even realise that he was crying. He only realise it when he felt something wet on his cheeks. He hurriedly wiped them.

He was laying on his bed right now, yes Everyone has returned home except Shubhman.

And ishan is deep down worried for other's where being, as Shubhman was not in a good shape when he left him outside infront of car.

Ishan checked the time, it's showing 1:00 A.M, ishan was about to call him but stopped when he heard door opening.

Ishan hurriedly closed his eyes and turn other side, facing the wall. He clenched his bedsheet when he heard footsteps approaching.

The empty side of his bed dipped, and Shubhman slipped next to ishan and placed his arm round Ishan's waist to back cuddle him.

But something inside him broke, when he heard ishan's next sentence.

"Shubhman, go back to your bed.." Ishan said coldly, not even turning to look at shubhman.

It's feels so foreign to hear his full name from Ishan's mouth, and that cold voice hurted him more than any knife wound ever could.

Shubhman placed a sweet and gentle kiss on nape of Ishan's neck and took his hand back from Ishan's waist.

"Good night baby.." Shubhman mumbled while he voice cracked a little.

Then he get up and lay down on his own bed, back facing ishan's bed. He let his tears fall from his eyes, wetting the pillow.

"For you, i'm ready to get hurt a million times..." Shubhman thought to himself.

Ishan was no different, he hide his face in pillow and start sobbing silently while clutching his heart.

There is saying,

when you smile because ofSomeone, it's a special feelingbutWhen you cry for someone,~~ It'sLOVE!!~~...Next day*********Everyone can sense the tension between their youngsters. Both of them are unusually quite.

It's kind of wierd and shocking to see both of them like this. For the first time, anyone wasn't laughing or bickering on breakfast table.

Ishan wasn't eating, he just keep playing with food as if thinking something deeply

"Um..Rohit bhaiya?" Finally ishan called for rohit's attention.

"Yeah.." Rohit replied, and look back at ishan.

Ishan took a deep breath and said,

"I want to go back patna.."

As his words falls, the spoon from Shubhman's hand fell down making a loud clang sound.

Shubhman stare at ishan with hurt evident in his eyes, ishan can feel Shubhman's graze on himself but didn't look back at him.

"But why?" Everyone shouted in unison except Shubhman who was too shocked to say anything.

"It's nothing serious bhaiya, just want spend some time with my family...I kinda miss them..." Ishan said and tried gave them a smile,to ease their worry a little.

Before anyone could ask anything, Shubhman suddenly get up from his chair and walked to ishan.

He was thinking about giving some time to ishan before talking things out but looks likes now he directly have skip to talking part.

"We need to talk...right now..." Shubhman doesnt care about the looks he is getting from other members.

Shubhman's eyes only remain focused at ishan, who is not looking at him. Shubhman clicked his tongue in impatience and held Ishan's hand before making him stand.

"I don't want to talk with you..." Ishan said stubbornly, still looking down.

Shubhman glared at him,then did something unexpected, he lifted Ishan in bridal style, who stared at him in shock.

"Now you are looking at me huh?" Shubhman asked to him while gritting his teeth.

Ishan didn't reply to him, Shubhman then turn to look at other members.

"Sorry guys, but this is important..."

By saying this Shubhman left with ishan to their shared room.

Leaving members dumbfound at sudden turn of situation. Virat was about to fallow them but rohit held him back.

"They are not kids anymore...They can sort their fight..as senior we should give them their space..." Rohit said when virat gave him a confused look.

Virat know rohit is right, so in the end he didn't follow them.

Shubhmanwalked inside his room, with a struggling ishan in his hold. He closed the door with kick.

He throw ishan on his bed and hovered over him.

"Are you trying to run away from me? Didn't you said that you will always stay by my side, what happened to that promise now? Tell me !!" Shubhman shouted at ishan, feeling betrayed.

"W-what are you saying? Why would I run away from you.." Ishan replied while stuttering not looking in shubhman's eyes.

Shubhman gripped his chin and made ishan look at him.

" stop pretending like you are not aware about my feelings for you...and i know you also feel the same...then why are you not admitting it?! " Shubhman shouted again, while a tear of frustration fell from his eyes.

Ishan didn't said anything just stare at him with a pair of helpless eyes.

"You want me to say it right? Fine...I LOVE YOU ISHAN KISHAN...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THAT IT'S DRIVING ME INSANE,...I LOVE YOU MADLY, INSANELY, CRAZ-"

Ishan cut Shubhman's shouting.

"Stop it...stop it dammit!!." Ishan bit back his tears while covering his both ears with his hands, while shaking his head in no.

Shubhman grabbed his both hand and pinned them over Ishan's head and leaned close to ishan's face.

" I will never stop because i'm not afraid to accept my feeling for you but you are a coward and you know it. We both know you love me too, so stop lying to yourself!.. " Shubhman said in frustration.

"I don't Love you!!" The bitter lie flew from Ishan's lips as he desperately tired to pull his hand away from Shubhman's grip.

A hurt expression crossed Shubhman's eyes for a brief second before disappearing quickly.

Ishan thought that Shubhman will let him go now but other didn't do it instead he start leaning more close to ishan's lips.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly, his heart start beating fastly but Shubhman's lips never touched his.

Ishan opened his eyes and stare at shubhman who gave him a unimpressed look.

"You say you don't love me, then why your heart is beating so fast when i'm close to you like this? You are not good liar ish..," Shubhman said and shook his head.

"Why are you fighting with yourself baby? Why can't you accept your feelings for me?" Shubhman continue while his eyes turn teary, his voice was filled with vulnerability.

"Stop making it hard for me...this love don't have any future, please try to understand....you will eventually lose these feelings.." By now ishan was also crying badly.

"NO!! I'm not going to lose feelings, i'm not going to find someone else, because i have made up my mind, I want you, only you ish..no one else nothing else..." Shubhman shouted, he can't tolerate Ishan thinking this low about his feelings.

"What is the value of my life if you are in it but not capable of becoming it?. This stupid heart only beats for you, however if you can not accept it, I will shatter it...did you heart me ish?"

Shubhman didn't wanted to back down, he knows ishan loves him too, he will do anything to make ishan accept it.

Meanwhile, ishan become speechless because of shubhman's immense love for him.

"Is it even possible to love someone this much?"Ishan questioned himself.

He closed his eyes tightly, tears not stopping for even a second. He can't take this pain anymore, he can't lie to himself anymore.

Fuck indian society and their mindset.

"Why are you so stubborn?"

Before Shubhman could retort Ishan's statement, Ishan placed his lips on Shubhman's but he didn't move them, he just let them stay there.

Shubhman tightly held Ishan's both cheeks and start kissing ishan hungrily, pouring his anger, frustration, longing and love in that kiss. He start kissing ishan like his life depends on it maybe it did.

Ishan also didn't want him to feel that his kiss is unwelcomed, so he also kissed back Shubhman with same passion.

Shubhman pulled both of them in sitting position before making ishan sit on his lap, without breaking the aggressive kiss. Ishan wrapped his arms around Shubhman's neck and pulled Shubhman more close.

Shubhman bit his lower lips, seeking entrance, which ishan gladly given. Shubhman's tongue devoured every corner of Ishan's pretty mouth, making ishan moan a little.

And damn! That was the best music for Shubhman's ears, he felt himself losing his rationality.

Both of them pulled away because of oxygen lack but only to dive in for another kiss more greedily. This kiss was more rough and more needy, filled with desire.

Shubhman can never get enough of those juicy lips of ishan. He tastes like...madness, the type you can never get away from.

Shubhman didn't even care about air anymore, he keep sucking and kissing the life out of Ishan's soft lips. Ishan patted his shoulder, at lack of oxygen.

But Shubhman didn't stop and when ishan felt like he will faint due lack of oxygen, Shubhman finally broke the kiss.

Ishan leaned against Shubhman's chest and start inhaling oxygen hungrily, Shubhman caressed his hair to calm his breathing.

"Are you sure about it?" Ishan asked once his breathing become normal.

Shubhman looked down at him and said while gently caressing Ishan's swollen lips.

"I don't lie to myself ish...i know want my heart wants and it wants you, nothing else.."

Ishan nodded and placed his hand on Shubhman's heart, feeling the heartbeat.

"You have me, all of me till the day I die.." Ishan said gently, accepting his feelings.

Shubhman heart filled pride and happiness. He hugged ishan tightly,

"I want you longer than that.." Shubhman growled possessively.

"I Love you shubh so much,.." Ishan finally said those magical words.

Tears of happiness fell from Shubhman's eyes, he pulled ishan away from hug and cupped his face in his plam.

"Say...say that again please.." Shubhman asked desperately.

Ishan wiped shubhman's tears.

"I love you Shubhman Gill, with all my heart. And now Mentally, physically and emotionally, you own me. I belong to you, now and forever"Ishan said, eyes filled with pure love for Shubhman.

Shubhman start placing butterfly kisses all over Ishan's face, making smaller male broke into fits of giggles. Shubhman pecked his lips softly, before pulling away.

"I love you more ish. I'm in love with you, it probably began when you held my hand and told me you'd never leave my side on my first day. It's only heightened since then, i love all of you with all of me..." Shubhman exposed his all inner feelings infront of ishan.

Ishan hugged shubhman more tightly and snuggled more into his chest while Shubhman wrapped his arms around him protectively.

There was comfortable silence between them, as both of them enjoyed each other's embrace, with ishan in shubhman's lap.

Suddenly Shubhman remember something,

"Are you still going back to patna?!" He asked,

Ishan looked up at shubhman before giving him an innocent and naive smile.

" Ofcourse not, but now the problem is how will I explain this sudden change in plan to rohit bhaiya.."

"Your problem not mine..." Shubhman said while shrugging his shoulders.

Ishan hit his shoulder while giving him a look of disbelief.

"Didn't you said i'm yours... So my problems are also yours, Mr. Gill.."

Ishan said while glaring at him, looking anything but scary.

Shubhman cooed at his lover's cuteness before biting Ishan's left cheek, making ishan whine.

"You will be death for me, Mrs.Gill" Shubhman said while staring at ishan Lovingly.

And just like that, ishan turned red,looking replica of tomato, making Shubhman want to eat him alive.

Ishan immediately hided his face once again in shubhman's chest, making Shubhman chuckle at his adorable behaviour.

"I'm not your wife" Ishan's muffled voice complained.

"Yet.." Shubhman completed, earning a hard smack on his chest from ishan.______________________________________

Note:

Writing this chapter was kind of tough for me as this chapter has whole rollar coster ride of emotions.

Please share your views on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next chapter.Love you my dear readers.