Chapter - 12
============

Author's POV**************

In Rohit and Virat's shared room, rohit stare at duo, who is standing infront him, while giving most innocent smiles.

" so you are telling me, that now you don't want to go patna?" Rohit asked and raised his eyebrow at ishan.

Ishan nodded nervously. Rohit get up from his bed and walked to the duo.

"Why? not missing your family anymore?" Rohit asked looking serious.

Ishan gulped in fear, and Shubhman was about to jump in to save ishan from rohit, then suddenly they heard someone saying,

"Stop scaring the kid Ro..."

Everyone turn around, there stood virat at door. Shubhman and ishan sighed in relief, now rohit won't able to scold them.

Virat walked inside and stood infront of shubhman and ishan, acting like shield for them, and faced rohit.

Rohit scoffed at Virat's action and said,

"Stop acting like i'm bullying him...I was just asking okay?"

"Whatever... Ishu and shubi go back to your room.." Virat said, while ignoring rohit.

"Hey...i'm not done asking yet,.." Rohit protested.

"Ignore him...just do what i say.." Virat said, not bating an eye to rohit.

Both of them nodded and immediately run away from room.

Virat turn around and met with rohit's glaring eyes. Virat gave him a wide grin and side hugged him.

"I'm your captain you know?" Rohit said irritatedly.

"Aye aye captain... Now stop being grumpy.." Virat said while giving him a foolish smile.

"God...i'm done with you and your antics.." Rohit sighed and throw his hands in air dramatically.

"I know you love me.." Virat said cockily and wiggled his eyebrows at rohit.

Rohit couldn't help but roll his eyes at Virat's self obsession.

Ishan, start laughing loudly once both of them reached inside their room. Shubhman leaned against the near wall and stare at ishan Lovingly.

Ishan stopped laughing when he noticed Shubhman's graze on himself.

"Why are you looking at me like this?" Ishan asked while clicking his fingers at shubhman.

" You look too angelic while laughing...it's kinda hard to not stare at you.." Shubhman replied, still staring at other.

Ishan's heart did a flip at shubhman's adoration for him. No one other than shubhman can make him feel this much wanted.

Ishan walked to shubhman and stood only few inches away from him. He circled his arms around Shubhman's neck while Shubhman's hand automatically find it's way to ishan's waist.

Ishan tip-toed and nuzzled his nose agaist Shubhman's cheek, Shubhman's hold tightened a little on his waist.

"Shubh.." Ishan called softly.

"Hmm.." Shubhman hummed, enjoying Ishan's touch.

"I think we should merge our bed now.." Ishan said and pulled two steps away from Shubhman.

Shubhman groaned a little at sudden loss of touch and nodded. Ishan laughed at his expressions. And both of them then walked towards their bed to join it. And just like that, the beds were merged.

Both of them lay on the bed while cuddling each other. Shubhman start playing with Ishan's long hair while ishan put his head on Shubhman's chest hearing his heartbeats.

"Do you think our teammates will be okay after knowing about us?" Suddenly ishan asked.

"I don't know but i think they will understand us, after all we are like family...and loving someone isn't crime.." Shubhman replied calmly.

"Hmm..." Ishan hummed,

Both of them had decided to not tell anyone about their relationship, right now. They want to tell other members on the right time....It's been two days since ishan and Shubhman has confessed to each other.

Right now Everyone is on the practice ground, busy with practice.

Rohit and virat stare infront of them, with a complicated expression on their faces.

"What do you think they are doing?" Rohit asked while frowning.

"I think he is teaching him how to hold it in a right position..." Virat replied with a thoughtful expression.

To which, rohit gave him a look before looking back in the same direction.

Finally he couldn't able to take it and shouted,

"Shubhman!! He know how to hold hisbat...he is batter for god sake!!"

Infront of him, Shubhman was back hugging ishan while holding Ishan's hands on bat handle.

Rohit don't know what both of them are doing but whatever it is,it's not practice for sure.

Ishan immediately pulled away from Shubhman's hold feeling embarrassed when he heard their captain. While Shubhman remained unbothered.

"Sometimes i really doubt  whether something is going on between you two..." Rohit said while shaking his head.

"NO!! There is nothing going on between us...Absolutely not!!" Ishan immediately opposed in a high pitch voice.

Shubhman slapped his own forehead. if this continues, then it won't take much time for others to find out about them.

Everyone start ishan with a raised an raised eyebrow, ishan really want to run away from there but ofcourse he can't.

"That was quite a high pitch tone ishu.." Hardik said while looking at him suspiciously.

Ishan gave him a sheepish smile while scratching the back of his neck, and glance at shubhman for help.

"Actually bhaiya...he has slight cold, that's why his voice is coming out like this.."

Shubhman lied with so much professionalism, that even Ishan believed him for a second.

"Oh..you should take care of yourself.." Virat said genuinely.

Shubhman side hugged ishan and pulled him close to himself by his shoulder, And Ishan gave him a look which means " Can't you take your hands off me atleast infront of others?"

Shubhman understand the meaning of Ishan's look but choose to ignore it, making ishan sigh at other's clingingness.

"Okay...Enough with talkings,let's get back to practice everyone..." Rohit said.

"Why you always keep nagging us about practice?" Hardik asked with a sigh.

To which rohit look at him as if he is the most dumbest  person on the earth.

"Because i'm your captain...And that's my job..now go back to your practice everyone..." Rohit replied, feeling done.

And with that Everyone resumed their practice once again while cursing rohit for being hitler in their mind.

Virat with Shubhman and ishan still stood there with rohit.

"And you two...practice separately, Shubhman go practice with kuldeep, and ishu you with Jadeja.." Rohit said while looking ishan and Shubhman.

Ishan nodded and was about to pull away from Shubhman's side hug but Shubhman tightened his hold on Ishan's shoulder, not letting ishan move.

"Shubh..Let me go.." Ishan whispered, as Rohit is looking at both of them with a frown.

Shubhman being stubborn, didn't let him go. Rohit sighed when he saw Shubhman's gloomy face.

"Look, I know you both are bestfriend and I don't have any issue with your closeness but on field you need to listen to me and take practice seriously and i'm saying this for your best only but If you are still being stubborn then I have to change your rooms, as i can tolerate anything but not laxity in practice...got it?" Rohit scolded Shubhman while frowning at his stubborn nature.

Shubhman kept his head low, while ishan felt bad for Shubhman, but he know Rohit is also right, They are getting distracted because of their new relationship, and this is affecting their practice.

"I'm Sorry bhaiya...this won't happen ever again," Shubhman said with gloomy voice and without waiting for anyone's reply he went away from there.

"Shubh!!" Ishan shouted but other didn't turn around and left to practice with kuldeep.

Ishan sighed and turn to look at rohit and virat..

"Sorry bhaiya for his behaviour..." By saying this ishan also left from there.

Rohit took a deep breath and closed his eyes while sighing. Virat patted his shoulder in comforting manner.

He opened his eyes after few minutes and stare at shubhman who is hitting ball aggressively, sending it flying in every direction.

Rohit then shifted his graze to virat, who is already looking at him.

" I overreacted, right? " rohit asked virat.

"A little.." Virat replied honestly, making rohit sigh.

"Don't feel bad...you were saying this only for his good...he will understand it for sure.." Virat comforted him.

Rohit gave him a smile, Virat is really his support system.

"Hmm.." Rohit said while humming.

And both of them also went back to their own practice.

After 1 hour, Everyone sat on the ground to rest after heavy practice. But someone was still practicing, it was no one other than shubhman.

Ishan stare at shubhman worriedly, he know Shubhman's passion towards cricket and after getting scolded by rohit, Shubhman must have felt disheartened.

"Go and stop him ishu...see kuldeep is on the verge of crying anytime now.." Surya said to him, while looking at scene infront of them.

Ishan looked a little hesitant, so he looked at Rohit for approval, Who also nodded. Ishan hurriedly get up run to shubhman.

"Bhaiya you go..i'll handle him.."ishu said to kuldeep once he reached there.

And kuldeep stare at him like he is his life saving angel. He can't even feel his arms after bowling continuously for 1 hour.

" thank you for saving me from this devil.." By saying this kuldeep literally run in the speed of light from there.

Ishan walked to shubhman and take off his helmet. He sighed when he saw other Drenched in sweat. He run his hand in shubhman's hair to set them a little.

"Stop going hard on yourself shubi, i'm worried..." Ishan said softly. And caressed shubhman's cheeks softly.

Shubhman removed Ishan's hands from his cheek, making ishan frowned a little.

"I'm sorry for making everyone worried about me ok!!.." Shubhman quite irritatedly and left from there.

Ishan felt hurt by Shubhman's behaviour but he consoled himself saying other is just frustrated. He took a deep breath and put a smile on his face and went back to where others were sitting.

"Where is he going?" Kl rahul asked looking at shubhman going out of ground.

"Oh bhaiya...he is feeling tired after practicing so he is going to take shower..." Ishan made up a believable lie.

"Oh okay..." Kl rahul nodded.

Ishan keep glancing the direction where Shubhman went, worriedly. Then suddenly ishan's phone dinged. Ishan opened his phone to check.

"Meet me in our room, in 5 minutes"- text from Shubhman.

Ishan hurriedly get up after reading the text.

" bhaiya...i'm also feeling tired so can I go to take rest?" Ishan asked rohit.

"Today's practice has ended..you can go and rest..." Rohit replied.

Ishan nodded and immediately run away from the ground. As they apartment is just beside practice ground, so he reached there in few minutes.

Ishan run on the stairs and finally stopped infront of his and shubhman's shared room. He took a deep breath to calm his fast breathing from running and slowly opened the door.

Ishan walked inside the room and saw Shubhman sitting on the bed while lowering his head. Ishan walked to shubhman and stood infront of him.

Shubhman looked up at ishan with tear filled eyes, making ishan worried to core. He immediately wiped shubhman's tears.

"What happened? Are you crying because of rohit bhaiya? Shubh he didn't meant anything bad...you clearly know he loves you as his child..." Ishan hurriedly said.

Shubhman didn't said anything.He hold ishan by his waist and pulled him on the bed before laying on top of him. He nuzzled his face in ishan's neck.

"I'm sorry baby...i'm really sorry for being a jerk earlier. I was angry at myself, i know it doesn't justify my rude behaviour towards you but believe me baby I never intended to hurt you..." Shubhman start apologizing to ishan.

Ishan start caressing Shubhman's hair softly and placed a kiss on his forehead.

"Stop saying sorry, I know you were just frustrated, it's okay and always remember i'm here for you..." Ishan said.

Shubhman nodded and start placing kisses on Ishan's neck, making ishan tighten his grip on Shubhman's hair.

"W-what are you doing?" Ishan asked.

"showing you how much sorry I am.." Shubhman replied huskily.

He start licking and biting Ishan's neck, he know Ishan's neck is sensitive. Ishan moaned a bit and turned his face side away, giving more access to shubhman.

Shubhman then start leaving kiss to ishan's jaw and finally he claimed those sinful lips of Ishan in a heated kiss. He start biting Ishan's lower lip.

"Don't... Don't bite, it will leave mark.." Ishan said after breaking the kiss forcefully.

"Let me tell you this, never break kiss in between when i kiss you or I will go more rough.." Shubhman said ordering tone, making ishan nod submissively And pulled ishan in another kiss.

Ishan's body shuddered when Shubhman's cold hand slipped inside his t-shirt and gripped his bare waist.

Shubhman start roaming his hand on Ishan's body while kissing ishan aggressively. Ishan tugged on Shubhman's hair while moaning, as Shubhman keep assaulting his lips.

Their whole room echoed with heavy breathing and wet sounds of kisses as both of them Indulged in their make out session.

_______________________________________Note:

Firstly sorry for this boring chapter as i sucks at writing romance, so please bear with me.

And don't forget to share your views on this chapter and please vote if you like the chapter.

See you soon in the next update.