Chapter - 13
============

Author's POV**************

Shubhman stared at sleeping face of ishan. He took his sweet time in tracing every little detail of Ishan's face by his eyes. He can do this for hours and still won't get tired of staring at ishan.

He gently sucked on Ishan's already swollen lips,making ishan move a little in sleep. Shubhman pulled away, not wanting to disturb Ishan's sleep.

Suddenly he heard a faint knock on his door, he gently pulled away from Ishan's grasp and put a pillow on his place. Ishan immediately snuggled to the soft pillow in his sleep.

Shubhman then walked to door and opened the door slowly, he frowned when he saw Rohit infront of door.

"What happened bhaiya? Do you need something?" Shubhman asked while coming out of room and closing the door behind.

Rohit stare at him with a awkward smile, while Shubhman patiently waited for rohit to speak.

"I can't do this...i'm captain for god sake..." Rohit thought and was about to turn his heels to go back but stopped when Virat's warning ringed in his mind.

"If you come back without talking things out with Shubhman, then I will not open the door for you..."

Fuck captain's pride, He don't want to sleep in living room, thinking this he faced Shubhman again who is giving him a confused look.

"Look i'm not going to beat around the bush..let me get straight to thisz I'm sorry for overreacting in field today..." Rohit said everything in one go.

Shubhman laughed a little at rohit's tensed expressions.

"Bhaiya you are our captain, and i'm not angry or anything at you, I know you only want best for me and whole team, so chill..." Shubhman said while smiling softly.

Rohit immediately felt a lot lighter, and a small smile appeared on his lips.

"So we are cool now?" Rohit asked.

To which Shubhman hugged him, rohit looked a little startled but hugged him back and patted his back.

"Ofcourse bhaiya...now virat bhai won't scold you.." Shubhman said while teasing and pulled away from hug.

Rohit immediately scowled at him and smacked his head.

" yeah yeah, you are his favourite child after all, he always support you and scolds me because of you..." Rohit huffed irritatedly.

Suddenly rohit's phone ringed. He checked the caller id and Shubhman can tell by the look on rohit's face that it's his wife, ritika.

"I need to take this call,..." Rohit said, earning a nod from Shubhman.

Rohit patted his shoulder for one last time and went away from there while talking on the phone.

Shubhmanopened the door and walked inside, only to find ishan wide awake, sitting on the bed with his messy bed hairs.

"Where did you go leaving me alone on our bed? " Ishan asked while rubbing his eyes.

Shubhman get on the bed, and held Ishan's hand, stopping him from rubbing his eyes more.

"Don't rub it or else your eyes will turn redish...." Shubhman said softly.

Ishan hummed, still looking half sleepy. Shubhman kissed his forehead tenderly.

"Wake up baby...Let's go out for dinner" shubhman said.

Within a second, Ishan's sleepiness went flying away from the window. He immediately become excited, before giving a flirty look to shubhman.

"Are you asking me on a date, Mr.Gill?" Ishan asked teasingly,

"Ofcourse...It's our first official date as a couple, so hurry and get ready, till then im going to inform rohit and virat bhaiya about our plan.." Shubhman replied.

Ishan smiled and hurriedly get up from bed and start searching something good to wear on his first date. And Shubhman went out to inform others about their plan.

After 20 minutes, ishan finally selected a suitable dress for himself, he also picked clothes for Shubhman as always and put them on the bed before going in bathroom to change.

Soon, he come out and stood infront of mirror and start getting ready. He generally didn't pay any mind to looks but today is special. He wants to look best for Shubhman.

( Ishan's date outfit )

Ishan picked the perfume to spray but stopped midway as he stare in the mirror.

"Take a picture, it will last long" Ishan said cheekily before spraying the perfume.

"Not a bad idea!!"

Shubhman, who was leaning against the door, said and let out a low laugh before walking inside.

"Your clothes are on bed, and what did bhaiya said?" Ishan asked and turn around to look at shubhman.

"What a caring wife I have! and rohit bhaiya said we can go out to eat but virat bhaiya said we must return before 10:30 P.M.." Shubhman said and picked his clothes from bed.

"You are growing a little too comfortable with that nickname for my liking..." Ishan said when he heard Shubhman referring him as his "wife" once again.

"I use it to remind you of your place..." Shubhman answered.

"And what's that ?" Ishan asked while raising his eyebrow.

"Mine!!" Shubhman replied seriously.

Ishan didn't said anything as liked the feeling of being owned by Shubhman. He just nodded, making Shubhman smile.

With in few minutes, Shubhman also get ready while ishan gave him his wallet and watch, which Shubhman took with a smile.

( Shubhman's date outfit )

"I think we should skip dating part and directly jumped to getting married what say?" Shubhman asked out of blue.

To which ishan gave him tight lipped smile before saying,

"And Who told you that i will marry you?" Ishan teased him.

But Shubhman's expression changed, he took one step closer to ishan and bend a little to ishan's level, staring right into ishan's soul.

"Because Marrying me is not an option jaan, it's a Fucking reality. You have to marry me...or else I have others ways too..." Shubhman replied mysteriously.

Ishan felt a shiver running down his spine but he composed himself.

"Woah...you are sounding like a creep!!" Ishan exclaimed while laughing lightly and slapped his arm.

But Shubhman eyes remained focused on Ishan.

"Oh, he thinks i'm kidding.." Shubhman thought feeling amused at other's naive mind.

He will do anything to keep this precious soul by his side for, forever. He won't let anyone snatch Ishan away from him, not even ishan himself.

"Shubh if you are done then, Let's go i'm so excited here..." Ishan said literally jumping on his toes.

Shubhman come out from his thoughts and smiled at his excitement.

"Let's go then, my excited baby..." Shubhman answered.

And with that, ishan dashed out from the room, Shubhman shake his head at other's antic and followed him...."Where are we going?" Ishan asked impatiently.

He is asking the same question for the nth time now. He hate suspense because he can't control his curiosity.

"You will know when we reach there.." Shubhman replied while focusing on road.

Ishan huffed at him and start looking outside from car window. Shubhman smiled a little and continue driving to god knows where.

After 30 minutes, Shubhman finally stopped the car infront of five star restaurant and both of them get down from the car.

Ishan stare at the big restaurant in awe. Shubhman held his hand, ishan was about pull his hand away, afraid of being seen by anyone but Shubhman only tightened his hold around his wrist.

"Shubh what if someone saw us?" Ishan asked worriedly.

"You don't need worry about that...now let's go inside.." Shubhman replied with smile.

Ishan nodded hesitantly, looking here and there. Both of them made their way inside.

A staff come to attend them and lead them to the their table.

( Their table with same view )

Ishan frowned a little when he didn't saw anyone except some staff. It's a famous restaurant so how come it's so empty now?

"Please take you seat sir...your meal and drinks will be delivered shortly..." That staff said will bowing.

Shubhman nodded and that staff left from there. He lead ishan to his chair and pulled the chair for him like gentleman.

"Woah-you have this side too?" Ishan asked while chuckling.

"I have many sides baby, gradually you will get to know all of them.." Shubhman replied and winked at him.

"Sure..." Ishan nodded and sit on the chair.

Shubhman then went across the table and sit on the other chair, both of them facing each other.

"So you liked it here?" Shubhman asked.

"Ofcourse shubi..I loved it, the view from here is so beautiful..." Ishan squealed while clasping his hands together.

Soon their meal was served on the table. Both of them start enjoying their meal with small talks and laughter in between.

"By the way, why this whole restaurant is empty?" Suddenly ishan asked.

This sudden question caught Shubhman off guard and he ended up choking on his food. He start coughing badly.

Ishan gave him a glass of water,who immediately took it. Ishan keep looking at him with narrow eyes. Suddenly his eyes widened when he come to an conclusion.

"Don't tell me..." Ishan set loudly while glaring at shubhman in disbelief.

Shubhman gave him the most innocent smile. Making ishan sigh irritatedly. Now he understand what Shubhman meant by "You don't have to worry about that".

"Are you nuts? You booked the whole restaurant? Why?" Ishan asked while huffing.

"I didn't wanted anyone to disturb our quality time okay!!" Shubhman immediately defended himself.

Ishan stare at him feeling lack of words. He facepalmed himself.

" What should i do with you.." Ishan said feeling done with other's actions

Shubhman held his hand and stare at him,

"Just love me forever and Leave everything else to me..." Shubhman replied seriously.

Ishan get up a little from his chair and leaned close to shubhman's face before placing a sweet kiss on Shubhman's forehead, it's not like anyone will see them now, thanks to shubhman.

As he was about pull away, Shubhman gripped his neck and claimed Ishan's lips with his own. Ishan's eyes widened but soon he melted in the kiss and kissed shubhman back.

After 5 minutes, Shubhman break the kiss and ishan hurriedly sit back on his chair, with flushed cheeks. He was breathing a little heavily.

"Why i'm feeling like you are getting shameless?" Ishan asked once his breathing get stable.

To which Shubhman licked his own lips and smirked before replying,

"What can i do,you are just so irresistible.."

"See...see this is what i was talking about..." Ishan said with a flushed face.

Shubhman broke into fits of laughter. Ishan picked the fork and pointed it at him as if threatening him to stop laughing.

"Sorry... But i just can't help it, you are too cute for my poor heart..." Shubhman cooed while trying his best to control his laugh.

Ishan huffed and start munching the food with a pout, looking so fluffy and small. Shubhman just put his chin on his palm and start admiring the finest work of god, which is made only and solely for him, for Shubhman Gill.

Right nowShubhman and ishan is walking on the road side, beside each other, enjoying the night. Actually after leaving the restaurant, ishan wanted to go on a night walk.

Their car is parked just a short distance away from them.

Their hands brushed against each other, ishan really wants to hold his hand but there are people around them, so he hesitated a little.

But soon, he felt a warm and big hand holding his hand and intertwining their fingers together. Ishan stared at shubhman's side profile and smiled a little.

They didn't said anything, just enjoyed each other's presence, sometimes words are not necessary, as actions speaks louder.

Suddenly with a loud thunder sound, rain start falling heavily, catching both of them off guard.

"Run shubh.." Ishan shouted while covering his head with other hand.

And with that both of them start running towards their car. By the time they reached to their car, they were already Drenched in rain.

Both of them get inside the car and closed the door and windows. Shubhman turn on the heater of the car while Ishan hurriedly took off his danim.

" How did it start raining suddenly? " ishan asked while running his hands through his wet hairs.

"Mumbai's traffic and rain, both are unpredictable...." Shubhman replied with a chuckle while taking his own jacket off.

Shubhman looked at ishan to say something but stopped when he saw the sight infront of him.

Ishan's wet white tshirt was stuck on his body, making ishan's body visible through tshirt. A drop of water trailed from Ishan's jaw to his neck before disappearing inside his tshirt.

Shubhman felt his throat go dry at the sinful sight and his eyes darkened with desire. He clenched his fist tightly to control the beast inside him.

Ishan frowned at shubhman's tensed expressions. He placed his hand on Shubhman's cheeks and asked,

"What are you thinking shubh?"

Shubhman felt his whole body at fire when ishan touched him. Oh how bad he wants to jump on ishan and take him right there and here. Maybe he is really getting shameless as ishan said.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm his animalistic thoughts as he don't want to scare ishan, he know ishan needs time.

After few deep breathes, he opened his eyes and saw Ishan's worried face.

"Nothing ish...I just got a little spaced out for a moment..." Shubhman tried to ease Ishan's worries.

Ishan nodded and pulled away his hand from Shubhman's cheek and Shubhman almost let out a disappointed whine at loss of Ishan's touch.

Shubhman attention diverted when his phone ringed. He check the caller i'd before picking up. He put it on the speaker.

"Hello virat bhaiya..." He said on the phone.

"Shubh where are you guys? It's raining heavily outside, members are getting worried..both of you didn't get wet in rain right?" Virat's worried voice come from other side.

" A little bhaiya but we are in car right now, will be at apartment in 30 to 40 minutes..." This time ishan said.

"Oh okay...Come back but as roads are wet and rain is heavy, so drive safely... no need to hurry..." Virat said like a concerned mother hen.

"Sure bhaiya..." Shubhman replies and ended the call.

"Looks like our date ends here..." Shubhman said and started the car engine.

"And I enjoyed every bit of it, thanks for another wonderful night..." Ishan said and as reward he gave a quick peck on his cheek.

"Just a little peck? At least give a proper kiss, lips to lips.." Shubhman said.

"Why are you so obsessed with my lips?" Ishan couldn't help but ask.

" You won't understand...Your lips are just so addicting and tempting, it's like they always beg me to kiss the hell out of them..." Shubhman replied as his eyes remain fixed on Ishan's lips.

Ishan immediately covered his lips with his one hand and smacked Shubhman's cheeks lightly and said,

" Pay attention on the driving, not on my lips, Mr. ShubhmanPervertGill..."

______________________________________

Note:

Update is here, my lovely reader.

Please share you views on this chapter in comments and don't forget to vote if you like the chapter.

See you soon in next chapter.Love you all guys.❤️☺️