Chapter - 14
============

Author'sPOV**************

Shubhman was laying on bed while closing his eyes, alone as ishan is with virat and rohit. But next moment he opened his eyes with frustrated groan.

No matter what, whenever he close his eyes, Ishan's sinful body from last night flash before his eyes, those wet hair and eyelashes, those trembling lips because of shivering, all of these are making him loose his mind.

He has always had good self control  but Ishan's mere existence is making him question everything.

After thinking something for few seconds, He reached out for his laptop which was on the nightstand table and opened it.

He, with a little hesitant fingers, typed something, in the google search bar before clicking on enter.

As it loaded, shubhman suddenly closed the laptop with thump and put the laptop back to it's place, without closing the loaded page.

He ruffled his hair in frustration before covering his face with his both palms.

"What the fuck is wrong with me? Didn't I agreed on giving some time to ish, then why i'm behaving like a horny teenager?"

Shubhman rubbed his face before getting up from bed.

"I need some fresh air to distract myself.." Shubhman mumbled before existing the room and making his way towards rooftop.

At the exact moment,ishan opened the door of their shared room, and walked inside.

He frowned when he didn't saw Shubhman in room.

"Shubh!! Are you in bathroom?" Ishan shouted but didn't get any reply.

"He is not in the room? Looks like he has gone somewhere..." Ishan muttered to himself.

"But what about me now? No one have time for me, first vi and ro bhaiya, now my own boyfriend...i'm feeling bored, bored!!" Ishan whined.

Ishan huffed and sit on the bed while crossing his arms over his chest. He is feeling beyond bored. Suddenly his eyes fall on Shubhman's laptop, his eyes lightened up.

"Let's watch a movie!!" Ishan thought and immediately picked the laptop.

He excitedly opened the laptop, only to froze the next second. His eyes widened as he read the name of one of website of loaded page.

"G-Gay p*rn!!..but why he searched these? Maybe shubh wants to take our relationship on next step?!" Ishan let out while stuttering in disbelief.

He was about to throw the laptop away in panic but paused. He bit his lips in nervousness. It's not like he don't want it, he do but the thing is he don't know how things works between same gender.

He stare at the screen, a little hesitant. He is getting curious about it.

As they say curiosity kills the cat.

So after thinking for few minutes, he finally clicked on the website and searched for his headphone before plugging them in his ears.

As he continue watching his whole body flushed in deep shade of red. It felt like his body was on a hot lava. He start feeling a little uncomfortable in his pants.

Finally he couldn't able watch it anymore and immediately exited from the website before deleting the search history and turn off the laptop then put it back with shaking hands.

He unplugged his headphones. His breathing was ragged and uneven, his whole face was red. He gulped as can't believe what he just saw. He looked down and cursed faintly when he saw a visible bulge in his pant.

He hurriedly get up and run inside bathroom, to take a cold shower. He really need it to calm the burning desire between his thighs.

It's already evening,Right now Shubhman is roaming more like searching here and there in whole apartment with a frowned face.

He didn't saw ishan since practice, It's like ishan is deliberately not wanting to come infront of him.

He don't want to think negatively but for some reason, he is getting a feeling that Ishan is avoiding him.

Since the moment he come down from rooftop, he noticed how ishan is behaving a little strange, like whenever shubhman touches him or tried to get a little intimate with him, ishan immediately turn stiff and tensed. And Shubhman isn't happy about this observation of his, not at all.

Shubhman come out of his thoughts when, he saw virat coming in his direction. He hurriedly approached virat.

"Bhaiya...do you know where ishan is?" He asked urgently.

"Kind of strange that you are asking me about his whereabouts, because usually we ask you that question...." Virat said, looking a little amused.

"Bhaiya please...I need to talk with him about something urgently..." Shubhman asked impatiently.

"Fine...i saw him going towards gym room, like 15 minutes ago...by the way what-"

Virat couldn't able to complete his sentence as now Shubhman is nowhere in sight.

"Woah- does he teleported?!" Virat exclaimed, astonished.

Virat shook his head and left from there.....Shubhmanstood infront of Gym room. He pushed opened the door of gym and walked inside.

He saw ishan running on Treadmill, Drenched in sweat and walked to him. Ishan smiled once he saw him.

"5 minutes more..." Ishan said while pointing at treadmill.

Shubhman nodded and went to sit on the floor, in a corner. He stare at ishan's sweat drenched back, his tshirt was wet because of sweating.

Ishan's heavy breathing and little groans were the only sound that can be heard in there. As it was empty, his breathing sound of echoing in whole gym room.

Shubhman's mind couldn't help but wandered somewhere else. He clenched his fist, when he felt himself getting turned on by the sounds made by ishan while exercising.

Suddenly a thought invaded his mind without his permission,

"Will his breathing become heavy like this too, when i will thrust deep inside him?"

Shubhman's body shivered at that thought. He shook his head to make his thoughts disappear.

He hurriedly rearranged his thoughts when he saw ishan approaching him. He opened his leg in V shape and pulled Ishan before making him sit between Shubhman's legs.

Ishan leaned his back against Shubhman's chest.

Shubhman smiled and wrapped his arms around Ishan's waist, not minding Ishan's sweaty body.

"What are doing here alone?" Shubhman asked softly.

"Actually i'm staring to get tired easily during practice, so i'm trying to increase my stamina...and you know fitness coach said my stamina has increased by a lot..." Ishan said and looked up at shubhman.

"Good stamina huh? Beneficial for me in future.." Shubhman thought smirking Mentally.

"I'm great right?" Ishan asked, eyes screaming *compliment me*.

Shubhman chuckled fondly.

"Yes..my baby is best, no one stand a chance infront of you,.." Shubhman praised whole heartily, as he know ishan loves compliments.

Ishan jumped in excitement between his legs,making Shubhman's hold tightened around his waist. He leaned a little close to ishan's neck.

"Stop moving and sit still..." Shubhman warned in a little hoarsely near Ishan's ear while tracing Ishan's neck with his nose.

And with that, Ishan's whole body jolt a little and turn stiff. Shubhman immediately frowned in displeasure.

This thing is getting out of hand, he need to talk with ishan. This can't go on like this.

"Did i do something wrong?" Shubhman asked.

Ishan shook his head in no. While lowering his head. Shubhman sighed before pinching Ishan's chin and tilting it to make other face him.

"I know i'm overly clingy, i always hug you and touch you without your permission, i'm sorry if my touches made you feel uncomfortable, i'm really sorry, I didn't meant to-"

Shubhman's rambling come to an end when ishan pressed his lips against Shubhman's, quickly packing his lips before pulling away.

He cupped Shubhman's cheeks and caressed his cheeks softly,

"Never...your touches can never make me feel uncomfortable shubh. I'm all yours, you have every right to touch me.." Ishan replied in a serious voice, looking in shubhman's eyes.

Relief wash over Shubhman, as he heard Ishan's words. He grabbed Ishan's hand and pressed his lips against it.

"then why are you avoiding my touches?" Shubhman asked, looking a little hurt.

Ishan immediately felt a pang of guilt when he saw Shubhman's hurt expression. He start playing with his fingers, not knowing how to tell Shubhman.

"Actually...I used your laptop today and maybe you forgot to exit your loaded page, and I let my curiosity win and s-saw a Gay P*rn video..." Ishan stopped in between to check Shubhman's expression.

Shubhman cursed himself mentally for his carelessness, but didn't show any expression.

"Continue.." That was the only word Shubhman said.

"In that video...two..two males were having.. S-sex. While watching that video i keep thinking about you all those things...things to me..." Ishan start stuttering very badly, eyes not meeting Shubhman.

Shubhman start breathing heavily, his hold on Ishan's waist tightened more, it will leave bruise later for sure. He start nuzzling his face in Ishan's crook of neck.

"Keep going ish..." Shubhman mumbled huskily against his neck.

Ishan gulped nervously and continued,

"I keep imagining how you..will also touch my body everywhere,kissing and sucking every inch of my body and how you will put yourthatin my-" ishan's voiced cracked at the end of the sentence.

His eyes turn teary, soon tears start falling from his eyes. He start sobbing while covering his face. Making Shubhman worried to his core.

Shubhman immediately removed Ishan's hands and uncover his face before holding his face.

"What happened baby? Why are you crying? Tell me" Shubhman worriedly asked..

Ishan's sob slow down, he start sniffing and look at shubhman.

"I'm sorry for imaging you in that inappropriate way...i'm really sorry. I was guilty that's why i tried to avoid your touch, because whenever you touch me, those things again flash before my eyes...i'm really sorry.." Ishan said while sniffing, looking damn adorable.

Shubhman smiled at his innocent and pure mind. He placed a gentle kiss on Ishan's right wet eyelashes before doing same on the left.

"Ish...There is nothing wrong about having sexual thoughts or desire about your partner, I also have those thoughts about you...you don't even know how hard it is for me to control myself from jumping on you here and there..." Shubhman said softly and placed a kiss on his forehead too and let his lips linger there.

Ishan closed his eyes to enjoy the affection given by Shubhman. Few minutes later, Shubhman pulled away but ishan immediately wrapped his arms around Shubhman's neck and with a swift moment he climbed on the Shubhman's lap.

Shubhman looked a little taken back at ishan's sudden action before placing his hands on Ishan's waist and make ishan more comfortable on his lap.

"Take me shubh, make me yours completely.." Ishan said boldly while tracing Shubhman's jaw by his finger.

"You are just so painfully seductive,ish.." Shubhman groaned loudly.

It was the last straw, Shubhman couldn't take it anymore. His expression darkened with lust and love. Ishan got scared for a second as Shubhman is looking like a predator who is ready to eat his prey alive.

Ishan let out a surprised yelp when Shubhman with a sudden move, pinned him on the the floor before hovering over ishan completely.

Shubhman eyes remained fixed on Ishan's face while his hand made it's way inside ishan's tshirt. Ishan's heart start beating fast in anticipation.

Shubhman's hand roamed on Ishan's bare skin. Ishan suddenly hissed in pain when Shubhman pinched his right nippal. Shubhman smirked in satisfaction before lifting the tshirt over Ishan's chest.

Shubhman felt himself salivating at the sight infront of him. Ishan's tanned body was begging Shubhman to sparkle it with his saliva, thinking like this Shubhman leaned close to his body to do the same.

While Ishan's heart was about to burst out because of shubhman's intense eyes on his body. He is feelings nervous, not knowing what will happen now.

Shubhman start biting and kissing wetly on Ishan's upper body, making ishan moan helplessly. Ishan threaded his fingers in shubhman's hairs while arching his back because of pleasure.

Feeling encouraged by Ishan's moans, Shubhman continued his work on Ishan's tanned skin. After 5 minutes, he pulled away to stare at his work on Ishan's body.

He felt damn satisfied when he saw Ishan's already ruined state, breathless and covered with his saliva and marks.

Now he is looking like he belongs to Shubhman Gill.

It didn't even started and ishan is already looking so overwhelmed because it. Shubhman felt proud to be the reason behind ishan's this state.

Shubhman leaned down once again and this time pulled ishan in heated and rough kiss, he bit on Ishan's lower lip, making ishan hiss, taking it as a chance, Shubhman's tongue entered inside Ishan's mouth.

Ishan start hungrily sucking on Shubhman's tongue, their saliva mixing with each other. Ishan moaned loudly in shubhman's mouth when, he felt Shubhman thrusting his clothed erection on his clothed hole.

Shubhman groaned at the friction down there and gave another hard thrust without breaking the kiss for a second.

After kissing each other for next 10 minutes, Shubhman finally broke the kiss, leaving ishan a breathing mess. He put his face in Ishan's neck, placing feathery kisses there.

"Why did you stop? I'm ready for you shubh.. You can have me, all of me, you don't need to hold yourself back.." Ishan asked while catching his breath as he caressed Shubhman's hair.

Shubhman stop kissing and look back at ishan's face. He smiled before saying,

"I know baby...but I don't just want to have sex with you, I want tomakelovewith you. I want to worship every inch of your body. And I want our first time to be special, not in some gym room..."

Ishan nodded his head and with the help of shubhman, ishan get up from laying position. He hugged Shubhman tightly burying his face into Shubhman's chest.

"Just know that i'm always ready for you.." Ishan mumbled softly.

"Hmm...and I don't want wait anymore, so i'm giving you 24 hours to Mentally and physically prepare yourself because after 24 hours, i won't stop, as it so painful to burn with desire to touch you but couldn't able to do it..." Shubhman said letting his every word sink in Ishan's soul.

Ishan clenched Shubhman's tshirt in a fist tightly when he heard him,Before nodding his head, feeling both nervous and excited at the same time.

_______________________________________Note:

Okay as its my first time writing mature scene, so please forgive me if it's not upto your expections.

And please share your views in comment and vote if you like the chapter.

Just found this post on insta so decide to share it with you all too, it's too cute for my poor heart 😭😫.

See you soon in next update.