Chapter - 15
============

Author's POV**************

Those 24 hours went by like 24 minutes. It was already night. Time is indeed fast when one is nervous.

They was a thick sexual tension between ICT's youngsters. Even a blind would able to see that something is going on between them. But rohit and virat were oblivious to everything.

Right now everyone is sitting in living room with ishan and Shubhman, sitting beside each other as usual. They are making plans about a movie night.

"How about a horror movie?" Hardik suggested looking at everyone creepily.

"YES!!" Everyone shouted excitedly.

"NO!!" Virat and Kl shouted together at the same time, feeling shivers in their spine.

Hardik was about to say something but surya gave him a look which means, "let me handle it" and faced the duo.

"Aww...the king kohli and klassy rahul are scared of horror movie?! Tsk tsk.."  Surya commented while looking at them in disappointment.

"Shut up..who's scared? i'm not.." Virat hurriedly defended himself and composed his expressions.

"Yeah,im not too, you want to watch horror movie right... So let's watch it.." Kl rahul also joined, looking determined.

To which hardik clapped his hands excitedly. Jadeja was about to turn on the T.V but Shubhman stopped him.

"Bhaiya...actually i'm feeling damn sleepy, so I won't be able to watch movie with you guys...i'm going in my room to sleep..." Shubhman said while stretching his hands tiredly.

"It's okay...have a good night.." Rohit said.

Shubhman nodded and gave a side glance to ishan before going upstairs. Ishan start playing with his fingers nervously,

hardik noticed his nervousness and said with an weird smirk on his face,

"I guess you are also feeling sleepy ishu...you can go and sleep..."

Ishan looked a little startled but still replied,

"Actually yes bhaiya...but I don't want to spoil everyone's mood..."

"Stop overthinking... Go and have agreatnight!!" Hardik said smiling a little too sweetly.

Everyone stare at hardik weirdly, not understanding what he is trying to say.

"Huh?" Ishan let out confusingly.

"I mean good night...Have a good night" hardik hurriedly corrected himself.

Ishan nodded then he also left from there, heading towards upstairs.

Hardik smiled a little and turn around to met by everyone's questioning graze.

"What?, stop looking at me like that and what are you waiting for jaddu? Turn on the tv..." Hardik said and totally ignored others graze....Ishan with slow and nervous steps approached their shared room. He keep biting his lips in nervousness.

He had entered this room many times before but today it feels totally different. He was feeling giddy in his stomach.

"Ish...how long are you planning to stand infront of door?" Suddenly Shubhman's impatient voice come from inside.

Ishan took a deep breath after hearing Shubhman and hesitantly, pushed open the door and walked inside before closing the room behind.

Ishan walked to shubhman, who was sitting on the bed with his feet touching floor.

Ishan frowned when he saw Shubhman's close eyes. He stood infront of shubhman and asked,

"Why are you closing your eyes?"

Shubhman looked up, still closed eyes. He reached to ishan's waist and hugged him while leaning his head on Ishan's stomach.

"I don't want to scare you ish..." Shubhman let out softly.

Ishan caressed his hair, while smiling.

"I can never be scared of you shubh, please look at me,..." Ishan said softly.

Although ishan said that, the moment Shubhman opened his eyes and looked at him, ishan felt shiver run down his spine.

Shubhman eye's were musky and dark, grazing at him like a carnivore who was about to devour a flesh. Ishan had never seen Shubhman like this, like a merciless beast.

"See...I knew you can't handle the insanity in my eyes for you.." Shubhman said when he saw Ishan's shocked face.

Ishan didn't said anything before leaning and placing his lips on those eyes.

"It's not that i'm scared...it just i'm surprised to see your all emotions raw in your eyes first time..."  Ishan answered once he pulled away.

Shubhman stare at him and nuzzled his face in Ishan's stomach.

"Tell me ish you want me too...because i'm going crazy here..."

Although ishan had made clear that he is ready but still Shubhman want to hear it now, as Ishan's consent matters the most.

"I want you as much as you want me...i want to feel owned by you completely...I want you to take me.." Ishan replied without any hesitation.

But ishan hadn't expected to attacked by Shubhman as finished his words. Shubhman with a swift move throw ishan on the bed, before completely hovering over him.

" I love you so much ish..." Shubhman said while staring in Ishan's eyes.

To which ishan smiled before saying,

"I love you too shubh.."

( Warning: SMUT Ahead, if you are uncomfortable with it, you can skip smut part.

A/n: ye log nhi karenge skip, koi fayda nhi hai warning ka. 😒😒)

And just like that their lips met in a kiss. Both of them start moving their lips slowly but as time passes, kiss tuned aggressive and needy in a minute.

Shubhman start sucking Ishan's upper lip while ishan did same with Shubhman's lower lip. Shubhman squeezed Ishan's waist tightly, while kissing him passionately. He can kiss ishan all time because he can never get enough of those lips.

Ishan tapped on his shoulder at lack of air, Only then Shubhman pulled away from kiss. Ishan stare dizzily at shubhman, he start catching his breath but his breathe got stuck once again when Shubhman attacked his neck hungrily.

"Ahh..." Ishan moaned with a hiss when Shubhman bit his neck.

Ishan tilted his head, giving full exccess to shubhman, who snuggled more in his neck, and trailed his lips on Ishan's neck.

Ishan moaned in pleasure as Shubhman on a specific spot.

Shubhman pulled away from his neck and stare at ishan, who is breathing heavily right now.

Shubhman's eyes darkened more, nothing matters to him now, he want ishan, he wants to make him, his forever.

And if anyone denies, he has other ways, not so perfect one.

He was about to take off Ishan's clothes but ishan stopped him while lowering his head.

Shubhman knitted his eyebrows.

"What happened love?" Shubhman's deep yet soft was filled with concerned.

Ishan start biting his lower lips in nervousness. He was always confident about his body and looks but now he is feel self conscious.

Shubhman gently hold Ishan's chin, making his head up.

"Listen baby...you are most beautiful thing,i have ever laid my eyes on...and you have to trust me on that..." Shubhman said softly once he understood Ishan's worries.

And to say, ishan fell in love with Shubhman even deeper, would be understandable. Shubhman pulled him in a gentle kiss, ishan was too lost in the soft kiss, that he didn't notice Shubhman's hands working on his clothes.

And soon ishan was laying only in his boxers, shubhman broke the kiss and ishan covered his body with hands.

"With or without clothes, you are the prettiest baby..." Shubhman's soft voice assured him while removing Ishan's hands.

Ishan gulped as Shubhman intense eyes start admiring his body, making him feel so small and fragile under his graze.

Shubhman start admiring his tanned yet soft body and those buds on his chest.

His hand found their way to ishan's boxers, he looked at ishan as if asking for permission. Ishan nodded shyly.

Shubhman placed a kiss on Ishan's forehead and removed his boxers, leaving ishan all naked. His hard length was already dripping pre-cum.

Ishan looked so ethereal and temptating.

Ishan was looking just like a fallen angel, laying on the white bedsheet. He was an art which Shubhman wants to paint for life time.

Shubhman felt the luckiest to call this beautiful art as his.

Shubhman bended down and start leaving dark hickeys on Ishan's chest. His teeths tugged on Ishan's left bud while his hand massager other bud while pinching, making ishan moan loudly.

Then Shubhman's lips trailed to ishan's chest tattoo. He start kissing it letter by letter, gently caressing it.

"These tattoos make you more breathtaking than you already are..." Shubhman mumbled in between kissing.

He straightened and start removing his own clothes, along side with his pants and boxers.

Ishan's breath hitched when he saw Shubhman's godly gorgeous body. His eyes couldn't help but widened when he saw Shubhman's big length, which is already rock hard, asking for attention.

"If this thing enters me...i will definitely fall apart..." Ishan thought while gulping  in fear.

Ishan instinctively backed away a little, Shubhman chuckled at his reaction before gripping his thighs aggressively and pulled ishan towards himself.

"Where are you going baby? I haven't even started yet..." Shubhman smoky voice chuckled huskily.

By saying this, Shubhman spread Ishan's legs wide and bend down a little more. His mouth find it's way to ishan's red hole.

He start running his tongue around it, teasing ishan purposely.

"Nngh...d...don't-"

Before ishan could protest, Shubhman's hot tongue entered inside his hole. He start eating him out like a prey.

"Ahh..s-shubh..." Ishan moaned loudly while clenching bedsheet tightly,

After 5 minutes, Shubhman replaced his tongue with his index finger. Ishan's every muscle of body tensed when Shubhman's finger entered his hole.

"Relax baby..." Shubhman said gently drawing small circles on Ishan's thigh.

Hearing him, ishan tired to relax himself. Little by little Shubhman entered his third finger inside his hole and start moving them together, fingering him. He wants to prepare Ishan properly, not wanting to hurt him.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly as his hold tightened on the bedsheet more. This is first time he is feeling such pleasurable sensation inside his body.

Ishan almost let out a whine when Shubhman pulled out his fingers.

"Can you take it now baby? I'll try to be gentle but i can't promise it, because i know i will lose control after entering inside you..." Shubhman said honestly, while stroking his length a little.

Ishan nodded, still not opening his eyes. He is feeling shy.

"Look at me baby and use your mouth.." Shubhman ordered in his soft yet raspy voice.

Ishan opened his eyes and stare into Shubhman's eyes, before saying meekly,

" yes.."

Shubhman smiled and positioned his length infront of Ishan's hole before slowly entering inside Ishan.

Ishan immediately felt himself ripping apart.

Shubhman kissed him when he noticed his pained expression. Ishan moaned loudly in mouth when Shubhman entered his length fully inside his hole.

Tears streamed down from his eyes, which Shubhman immediately kissed away. He gave some time to ishan to adjust a little.

"Uh..you can m-move now..." Ishan said while breathing heavily. As he know Shubhman is holding himself back for his sake.

Shubhman nodded and slowly yet steadily moved in and out inside his hole, in a uniform pace.

"Ah..shubh..ahhh...ahh..." Ishan moaned while gripping Shubhman's shoulder tightly,

Shubhman groaned loudly when ishan's insides clenched tightly around his length. He increased the speed, thrusting inside Ishan's hole fastly.

"Ahh...s-slow down...ahh..." Ishan pleaded while moaning helplessly.

But Shubhman turn deaf to his pleads and keep thrusting inside ishan more fastly in a inhuman speed.

Ishan's whole body moved up and down because of such powerful thrusts. He moaned out loud while scratching Shubhman's back, digging his nails.

Shubhman's deep and heavy groans ringed in the room matching with Ishan's sinful and alluring moans.

When pain start turning into pleasure, ishan pulled Shubhman more close to his body.

"F-faster shubh..." Ishan said while leaving kisses on Shubhman's shoulder.

"Oh-i'll ruin you tonight..." Shubhman grunted huskily in his ear.

By saying this he increased his speed more and start thrusting more fastly,like a animal.

"I..Love you shubh...ahhh..nghh.." Ishan said in between his moans while looking at shubhman.

"I love you more, more than anyone ever could do, more than anything, jaan.." Shubhman replied while giving a hard thrust.

Ishan smiled and pulled Shubhman in aggressive kiss, who gladly kissed back more hungrily,thrusting continuously in Ishan's hole.

Sounds of groans, moans and skin slapping echoed in the room.

The moon light spread in the room, through open window. The moon light shone on their entangled bodies on bed, making them look more ethereal then ever....Meanwhile in Living room,whole ICT team was too lost in movie, virat was half hiding  behind rohit, while kl rahul behind virat.

Just when the ghost was about to appear on the screen, virat stood up hurriedly, catching rohit's attention.

"Where are you going?" He asked in whisper.

"Umm..i..i just remembered that i need to tell anushka something very important, and I have left phone in room..that's why i'm going to my room for a minute.." Virat made up a lie and replied to him.

Rohit nodded before turning his attention back to movie, virat thanked the god and run upstairs where his shared room is situated.

There was only three room on the first floor, first was of shreyas, second one was of shubhman and ishan and last one was Virat's and rohit's.

So when virat was about to pass Shubhman and ishan, shared room, he heard some noises coming from that room.

"Are both of them still awake? These brats really need lesson, didn't they said that they are feeling sleepy then why they are still awake..." Virat muttered to himself while frowning.

He walked to the closed door and was about to knock but his whole body froze when he heard the voice clearly.

"Ahhh...shubh, please I can't anymore...s-slow down a little...ahhh..." This was definitely Ishan's voice.

"..........."

Virat stare at the door with a blank face. It's not what he is thinking right?.

And as if that was not enough to traumatized virat, soon he heard another voice.

"Can't help it baby...it feels to good to be inside you..."  He heard Shubhman saying while groaning.

Virat's face turned pale in shock, even white paint has more colour than his face. He stare at the door in bewilderment.

Not wanting to damage his ears anymore, virat turn around and run downstairs in the speed of light.

"GUYS!!" Virat shouted as he run towards other members.

They paused the movie and turn around to look at virat, who is looking like he just saw a ghost.

"There-there...I heard..I..." Virat couldn't able to form any sentence.

"Shh...calm down first.." Rohit said and patted his back.

Virat took a deep breath and calmed himself a little before looking back at everyone.

"Now tell us why you come running like someone is after you to murder you..." Kl rahul asked.

Virat took a deep sigh before start explaining everything to them about what just happened upstairs. As he finished explaining, he heard two shouts.

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" Rohit shouted in shock.

"FINALLY OUR SHIP SAILING!" Other members shouted at the same time as rohit.

And within a second whole living room turn silent. Virat and rohit glared at other members who just gave them a nervous laughs in return.

"Don't... Don't tell me you guys already knew that something is going on between them?" Virat asked in accusing tone, looking at them in disbelief.

"Well...we didn't knew but we were sure that something would definitely happen between them in future...and looks like we were right..." Shreyas said while shrugging his shoulders.

Virat and rohit stare at them feeling betrayed.

"So it was fun watching us being all oblivious to this drama..." Rohit asked sarcastically,

" honestly speaking...yes it was so funny... " hardik said while laughing a little.

"Really?" Virat asked while walking to hardik giving super fake smile to him.

Hardik immediately start running when he saw virat approaching him.

"You whose surname is Pandya, YOU ARE A MOTHERFUCKING BASTARD!!.." Virat shouted at the top of his lungs while chasing after a running hardik.

_______________________________________Note:

Can someone tell me why writing smut is more difficult than solving maths?

Because damn! It took me whole two days to complete just Smut part.

I'm deeply sorry if you are not satisfied with smut part.

And please vote and comment if you like the chapter.

See you soon in next update.