Chapter - 16
============

Author's POV**************

Ishan was sleeping peacefully after a long and tiring night. Shubhman was back hugging him like he is a teddy bear. His eyes trailed from Ishan's neck to his shoulder, which is covered with his marks.

"Now you are forever mine...no one will ever able to apart us, because for doing that, they to have face me first..." Shubhman thought while looking meaningfully at ishan.

Shubhman snuggled into Ishan's neck, and a kiss fell on his neck. Shubhman start sucking on his previous marks, making them purplish.

Ishan woke up because of shubhman kisses on his neck. He sighed at other's actions.

"you are Still not satisfied?!" Ishan couldn't help but asked irritatedly.

Shubhman just hummed and continued his work on Ishan's neck and shoulder. Ishan huffed irritatedly, and tried to pull away from Shubhman's grip, but immediately hissed when Shubhman start bit his neck hardly.

"Ahh..i'm not going anywhere alright?...stop biting, are you a dog or what?" Ishan said in a little loud voice.

After 5 minutes of abusing Ishan's neck, Shubhman pulled away and kissed Ishan's lips, grazing at him Lovingly.

Ishan removed his hands around himself and tried to get up but immediately stopped and let out a painful shout as his eyes widened.

"Ahhh...I...I will kill you...ahh Why..why are you still inside me?" Ishan asked while panting in pain.

"..........."

His eyes shooting draggers at shubhman.

Shubhman didn't said anything and instead of taking his thing out, he pushed a little more inside ishan, making ishan hiss a little.

"No...no...don't you dare, take your thing out right now!!.." Ishan shouted when he felt Shubhman getting hard inside him.

To which Shubhman gave him a puppy look while his hands once again circled around Ishan's waist, pressing himself more to ishan's beck.

"Please only one round...please baby.." Shubhman pleaded as if he asking for a candy.

Ishan snort in disbelief while glaring at shubhman fiercely.

"I have to be out of my mind to fall for your puppy face again after last night, you can never be satisfied with only one round..Take it out!!.." Ishan shouted.

Shubhman sulked a little, then he start take it out from Ishan's hole.

"Ahh...ahh..sl..slowly..." Ishan said while moaning and hissing.

Shubhman immediately stop and stare at ishan with his smoky and musky eyes.

"Stop making those sound if you don't want me to lose control and take you again..." Shubhman warned in a heavy voice.

Ishan hurriedly covered his mouth with his both hands and sign Shubhman to continue. Shubhman slowly take out his thing, which is covered with cum and little blood.

Ishan sighed in relief and just when he sit on the bed to get up, he felt his lower body ripping apart because pain and he again fell back on his bed while tears filled in his eyes.

Shubhman hurriedly wrapped a towel around his waist and went to ishan's side.

"Is it paining a lot?" Shubhman asked in concern.

"You still have the audacity to ask me this? You are Fucking beast!!...." Ishan yelled at him.

"Well I didn't heard you complaining last night...instead you were the one who keep begging me to go faster and harder..." Shubhman replied smugly while smirking.

Ishan's face immediately flushed but he still glare at shubhman.

"Quite smirking...now how will I practice today?, I can't even feel my lower body...it's all your fault.." Ishan whined.

"You can scold me later, now Come let's take shower first..." Shubhman said.

And before ishan could whine again, Shubhman picked him in bridal style and went inside bathroom.

After a warm shower, ishan immediately felt a lot better, but he is still having difficulties in moving around freely.

With slow steps he walked to bed and lay down. Shubhman felt a little guilty, just because him ishan is in pain.

"Ish..you take rest, i'm going out to get some painkillers for you and don't worry about practice I will talk with rohit bhaiya about it...." Shubhman said softly and caressed ishan's hair.

"Hmm..." Ishan hummed while smiling at him.

Shubhman then left the room while ishan layed more comfortably on the bed to give rest to his body.

In Rohit's and Virat's room,virat couldn't help but laugh lowly while looking at rohit.

Rohit turn and glared at virat, who is quite enjoying his misery.

"What's so funny, Vi?" Rohit asked while gritting his teeth.

"Your face...I mean now you are completely looking like a panda with those dark circles under your eyes..." Virat replied while laughing.

Rohit scowled at him.

"And all thanks goes to your horny child, I can't even imagine ishu's state. Shubhman is monster in bed!!...I had to hear those shameful sounds whole night but how will you know, after all you slept with headphones on..." Rohit huffed while rolling his eyes at virat.

"Well I prefer hearing loud music then those lewd sounds...and it's your fault that you forget your headphones somewhere..." Virat replied while shrugging his shoulders.

Rohit just shook his head and keep massaging his head, as he is feeling headache because of incomplete sleep.

Soon they heard a knock on the door. Rohit sign virat to go and opene the door. Virat nodded and went to door before opening it.

"Oh good morning shubhi...what happened?" Virat greeted Shubhman who is standing at the door.

"Good morning bhaiya....Is rohit bhaiya awake? I need to talk to him about something..." Shubhman said.

"Yeah he is awake...come inside.." Virat replied and made way for Shubhman to enter.

Shubhman nodded and walked inside, virat also followed him and both of them sit on the couch.

"How was your sleep? I mean did you sleep well?" Virat asked, looking meaningfully at him.

Shubhman smiled when he remembered most beautiful night of his life, last night. He had a sweet and dazzling smile on his face.

Virat and rohit immediately felt goosebumps, looking at his smile, it's so new for them, to see Shubhman like this.

"Yes bhaiya...i slept very well, maybe it was the best sleep of my life,..." Shubhman replied with a smile.

"You must have had good sleep after spoiling my sleep..." Rohit muttered under his breath with tsk, which ofcourse no one heard.

"But looks like someone didn't sleep well last night..." Shubhman said while eyeing rohit.

" actually yesterday night was nothing less than a nightmare for me...that's why i couldn't able to sleep..." Rohit answered sarcastically.

"Why?!....was movie that much scary?" Shubhman teased while chuckling.

"Indeed...very scary.." Rohit replied, looking grudgingly at shubhman.

Shubhman, who was oblivious to Rohit's inner viciousness towards him, just laughed.

Virat decided to jump in to stop rohit from murdering Shubhman through his eyes and said,

"You wanted to talk about something with rohit right?"

Shubhman let out a"yeah" on being reminded by virat and looked at rohit once again.

"Bhaiya, ishan is not feeling well, he is feeling pain in his stomach...so can he not practice today?" Shubhman asked, while half lying.

Virat and rohit immediately shared a knowing look among themselves and then rohit replied,

"Oh.. If he is not well then he can take rest for today...and go, get some painkillers for him.."

Shubhman was little surprised as rohit usually didn't agree this easily.

"Thankyou bhaiya...and i was about to go to medical store.." Shubhman said while getting up.

"Okay then i'm leaving..." Shubhman said while pointing at door.

Rohit and virat nodded and Shubhman, exited the door.

"Shubhman better take care of my ishu with gentleness or else I will break his legs..." Rohit said while looking at virat.

"Never knew you were protective dad type for ishu...well then start preparing dowry as my shubh is going make Ishan, my son-in-law.." Virat said, a little amused.

"Stop dreaming in early morning virat...if shubhi hurted him, then mark my words I will never let him marry ishu..." Rohit said seriously like a protective dad of ishan.

And by his expressions, virat can tell that rohit is not saying empty words.

"I just hope Shubhman always think carefully before doinganythin..because even unintentionally he hurted ishu in future, he have to face rohit, himself..." Virat thought mentally while looking at rohit....30 minutes later, the door of their shared room opened and Shubhman walked inside, he frowned when he saw Ishan standing infront of mirror, doing god knows what.

"Didn't I tell you to rest? What are doing infront of mirror?" Shubhman asked while making his way towards ishan.

Ishan looked at him through mirror and pointed at his neck which his covered with purplish hickeys.

"Hiding them, or else how will members react if they notice these marks..." Ishan said while putting concealer on those marks.

Shubhman immediately frowned. He stood behind Ishan and held his concealer applying hand, stopping him.

" I know i might be sounding unreasonable right now but I hate the idea of hiding my marks on you...I hate it so much, that it wants me to yell infront of whole world thatyou, ishan kishan belongs tome, Shubhman gill only...." Shubhman said while his dark eyes looked into Ishan's soul through mirror.

Ishan turn around and looked up at him.

"It's not like i want to hide your marks on me...if i could, I want to cherish these marks for my entire life...but members don't know about us..." Ishan softly said,

Shubhman circled his arms around Ishan's waist and hide his face into Ishan's shoulder.

"Do you want to reveal our relationship to members?" Suddenly Shubhman's muffled voice asked.

Shubhman pulled away and looked at ishan, waiting for his reply. Although ishan was feeling a little hesitant, but upon being looked by Shubhman's hope filled eyes, his all hesitation disappeared.

"Yes...let's do it, if you are with me i'm ready to face this.." Ishan said with determination.

"Don't worry baby...I know they will understand us and our love...and even if they opposed then we can convince them together..." Shubhman assured as he can see nervousness in Ishan's eyes.

Ishan nodded and hugged Shubhman to calm his nervousness. Shubhman is also a little nervous in heart but he want to stay strong for both of them.

"But before going downstairs, first take a painkiller...you won't feel any pain in your body then.." Shubhman said.

Ishan pulled away from hug while Shubhman took a pack of painkillers from his pocket before giving one pill to ishan.

Shubhman then gave him the glass of water, ishan put the pill in his mouth and drink the water before gulping  the pill.

"Ready?" Shubhman asked while holding ishan's hand.

"Hmm..." Ishan nodded while biting his lower lips nervously.

Meanwhile, Surya who was coming to call them downstairs for breakfast, ended up hearing their talk and run back in full speed.

"Guys!!...guys our babies are coming downstairs to tell us about their relationship..." Surya hurriedly said once he reached dinning table.

Everyone's eyes widened after hearing him.

"What!! Oh my god what should we do now?" Hardik exclaimed in panic.

"Relax...act normal and when they tell us about their relationship, we have to act surprised okay..." Rohit immediately said.

Everyone nodded and tried act as much as normal they can.

Soon Shubhman and ishan come downstairs while holding hands and went dinning table.

"Oh both of you are here...take your seats and let's start breakfast,.." Rohit said, acting fully normal.

Both of them nodded and took their seat. Everyone start eating peacefully. While ishan keep tapping his feet on floor, feeling nervous about the upcoming revealing part.

Shubhman, who was sitting just beside him, put his other hand on Ishan's thigh to stop him. And gave him a reassuring smile, making ishan feel a little ease.

Soon they finished their breakfast and headed to living room and made themselves comfortable on the couch.

"Um..bhaiya..I, no,..I mean we want to tell you guys something..." Ishan started while pointing at himself and Shubhman.

Everyone held their excitement inside and pretended to not know anything.

"Go ahead.." Virat said coolly.

"Actually...we..i.." Ishan start Stammering badly because of anxiety.

Shubhman held Ishan's hand and faced others seriously.

"Me and ishan like each other and before you ask or say anything... Let me make it clear that we like, actually no, we love each other as in lovers not bestfriend..." Shubhman said bravely.

"And one more thing, no i'm not going to leave him just because you say so. If you are against our love then we will try to convince you.." Shubhman continue while his voice head determination.

Everyone's face showed no expressions at all, scaring Ishan to his death.

"Please bhaiya...i love him so much, please don't tell us to break up...i can't live without him..." Ishan said as his eyes turn a little teary while his hold tightened on Shubhman's hand.

Everyone's expression immediately softened, feelings proud. They are happy for both them, that they found love and peace in each other. And hardik did what his heart said to him at that moment,he stand up and clapped with a proud smile.

"Heads off to your sincere love boys..." Hardik said while smiling widely.

Everyone immediately nodded and smiled at their youngsters, who stare at them confusingly.

"Wait? You all don't have any problem with our dating?" Ishan asked while controlling his tears.

" We are not interested in becoming villains of your love story ishu...and we are living in 21st century, we are open minded not some old fashioned people...so ofcourse we support your you and your love..." Rohit replied with a small yet gentle smile.

"Yeah...and love is love, love doesn't see gender...your happiness is what matters, nothing else...." Virat said while joining rohit.

"Hug me guys...you all are the best thing that happened to both me and Shubhman..." Ishan said while crying in Shubhman's embrace.

"Aww..our crybaby.." Everyone cooed at him and all of them did a group hug while congratulating the couple.

After few minutes they pulled away from hug.

"But let me tell you one thing be careful infront of management and staff...they won't be as supportive and understanding as us..." Rohit warned them.

Making both of them nod in acknowledgement.

There was happy atmosphere in living room as they talked about random things and surya and hardik keep teasing the couple making ishan red in embarrassment while Shubhman just laughed at their antics.

Virat and rohit stare at everyone with a fond look on their face, this is what a home feels like.

" I'm so happy for both of them.. " rohit suddenly said referring to shubhman and ishan.

Virat smiled at that, before saying

"Me too and I think.."

"You think what? " Rohit asked, now looking at virat.

To which virat gave him a smug look,

"Like i said before, i think you should start preparing dowry...get ready to see your ishu becoming my shubh's wife officially soon..." Virat replied, already declaring himself Shubhman's dad.

"Oh shut up vi...not again!!.." Rohit shouted at him with a done face.

Virat showed rohit his tongue, clearing enjoying, irritating rohit.

_______________________________________Note:

As i wrote this chapter in hurry they might be mistakes.

I think this chapter is a bit boring too so please share your views on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next update.