Chapter - 17
============

Author's POV**************

At Evening, whole team was gathered in Living room as rohit called them to tell something.

There was pin drop silence in there as everyone stared at Rohit, waiting for him to speak.

"Okay stop starting at me like that...it's uncomfortable you know?" Rohit said with a sigh.

"Then break your silence and tell us why did you called all of us here..." Ishan asked impatiently.

"Whatever you impatient boy....I called all of you here because, after 1 hours we all are going to a party...so go and get ready..." Rohit said and Quickly closed his ears as he know what will happen next.

And as rohit has expected, Everyone cheered loudly, making virat's eardrum bleed.

"Fuck...you guys are so loud..." Virat cursed and rubbed his ears.

Everyone ignored his comment and start discussing about what to wear and all.

"Shub..what should I wear?" Ishan asked Shubhman.

"Whatever you like as you look gorgeous in everything baby...." Shubhman replied loving.

Everyone who were watching this scene, couldn't help but feel cringe.

"Guys...please give some respect to us, who are away from our wives and to singles....you can continue this in room..." Kl rahul said, feeling too single because of their lovely moments.

Everyone nodded agreeing with kl rahul.

Ishan immediately blushed while Shubhman just chuckled lightly.

"One more thing, wear something decent and at party I want everyone to behave like a good boy,.." Rohit nagged them, earning nod from everyone.

When no one of them move and continue talking, rohit sighed. Who said being captain is easy?!, they really don't pay him much for taking care of these dorks.

"What are you guys waiting for, get lost already... After one hour I want everyone at entrance and if anyone come late then, I will leave them here..." Rohit threatened his team.

Hearing his threat, everyone rushed to their room to get ready as they know rohit is capable of doing that. And they didn't even know the party location or anything so it's better to get ready on time.

Exactlyafter 1 hour, whole ICT team was infront of entrance. Rohit smiled in satisfaction.

"Finally for the first time, you all ready on time...keep it up.." Rohit said.

"If you are done taunting us...then lead the way as only you know the party venue..." Virat said while rolling his eyes.

Rohit tsked at him, while other chuckled at their bickering.

"Yeah yeah whatever...." Rohit let out and told everyone to get inside their cars.

They are taking only five cars, while two member in each car but Shubhman's car has three members. Rohit's car was leading them on the road.

(Car arrangement:

Virat and rohit - car 1Shubhman, ishan , surya - car 2Siraj,bumrah- car 3Kl rahul , hardik - car 4Sami, shreyas - car 5)

After driving around 45 minutes, they finally reached at the luxurious venue. Five black cars stopped at the entrance in line, gaining attention of others.

And one by one whole ICT team get down from their respective cars, looking levish, media rushed to them to capture them, almost blinding them with camera lights.

Ishan held Shubhman's hand as he know Shubhman hate all these things. Shubhman gave him a grateful look, which ishan returned with a beautiful smile.

"Please...We are here to enjoy, I would appreciate if you all can give us some space..." Rohit, professionally handled press.

"Sure sir.." One of reporters said and make way for them, to go inside.

"Thankyou so much..." Rohit expressed with a small smile.

All of them walked inside, ishan stare at everything in awe. The venue was so beautiful while Shubhman was walking beside him, like his bodyguard.

( Shubhman's Outfit )

"Bhaiya...whose party is this?" Finally Ishan asked.

"Same question... You haven't said anything about it..." Virat also asked.

"Oh yeah I forgot... Actually it's Sachin paaji's party, his daughter is back after overseas study... So it's her welcome party..." Rohit said while smiling awkwardly,

"WHATT!!" Everyone shouted in surprise.

"Shhh...tone it down, Everyone is looking at us.." Rohit gestured them to keep quite.

"Your habit of forgetting will get us in a big trouble some day.." Virat said while smacking Rohit's shoulder.

"Shub...please tell me i'm looking presentable...I'm going to meet my ideal.." Ishan said while panicking.

Shubhman leaned a little closer to ishan and whispered in his ear,

"You are looking breathtaking ish..."

Ishan's cheeks dusted with a light blush as he heard his compliment.

( Ishan's Outfit )

"Be careful here guys..." Kl rahul warned them while pointing at reporters.

Ishan nodded and made some distance between himself and Shubhman, making Shubhman frowned in displeasure but didn't voiced it out.

Soon Tendulkar family entered the venue and reporters start clicking their pictures. Sachin tendulkar stood on the stage and announced the purpose of the party before calling a beautiful girl on the stage.

"She is sara tendulkar, my beautiful daughter...finally my princess is back home, in my arms." Sachin said in mic while side hugging his daughter.

Everyone cheered and clapped.

"She is beautiful right?" Ishan asked referring to sara,

"Stop complimenting others infront of me..." Shubhman hissed possessively and turn around to glare at sara, who didn't even do anything.

"Calm down you possessive freak.." Ishan said and shook his head....Party was going on. Some were dancing, some were drinking and eating while others were busy in chatting.

Suddenly sachin tendulkar walked over ICT table with her daughter, gaining team's attention. As they were about to stand up to greet them, sachin stopped them.

"Please keep sitting...no need to be this formal, I just come here to introduce a fan to their ideal.." Sachin said.

"Whom are you talking about?" Virat asked, looking here and there.

Sachin chuckled a little and pointed to his left, where his daughter, sara was standing with a soft smile.

"Actually my daughter is die heart fan of Shubhman and his betting...she want his autograph... I hope Shubhman you won't mind..." Sachin said last sentence while looking at shubhman.

Shubhman looked here and there to search for ishan, as other has gone to get som drinks for himself, shreyas patted his back and mentioned him to stand up.

Shubhman turn back his focus on his front before nodding,

Sara smiled brightly and immediately gave a pen to him and forwarded his wrist infront of shubhman, who stare at her in confusion,

"I don't have anything on which you can sign right now, so you can give an autograph on ky wrist..." Sara said while chuckling at his confuse face.

"Oh..okay.." Shubhman replied shortly and lightly touched her wrist before signing on it.

Once he was done, he immediately left her hand. Sara looked at the autograph before immediately hugging Shubhman, catching him off guard.

His first reflex was to push her away harshly but his line of sight fall on rohit, who shook his head while pointing at Sachin.

"Thankyou so much...i'm your huge fan, this autograph means a lot to me.." Sara said while hugging him, making Shubhman uncomfortable.

Shubhman tried to put a smile on his face and slowly patted her shoulder.

The first thing Ishan saw after returning with drinks was Shubhman hugging sara tightly, as he was standing behind Shubhman, so he couldn't able to see his face.

And for the first time, ishan felt an ugly feeling in his heart, jealousy. His hold tightened on the drink glass, as he felt a tight squeeze on his heart, feeling suffocated.

He saw how they pulled away from hug and that sara keep clinging to Shubhman elbow while talking with a big and shy smile on her face.

"How dare she cling into my man like this? Only if she wasn't sachin sir's daughter..." Ishan thought while gritting his teeth.

He wanted walk away from there but his legs refused to obey him. Suddenly someone tapped his shoulder, making him turn around.

"You!!" Ishan shouted in surprise.

The other person laughed before hugging ishan.

"But why are you here Markande?" Ishan asked after pulling away from hug.

"And why i can't be here? Sachin sir also invited me and rishabh but he couldn't able to make it because of some reasons.." Mayank replied.

"Oh..so you are here alone?" Ishan asked.

"Yeah...but you must be here with you team right?" Mayank replied while side hugging ishan.

" Yeah but they are too busy to pay attention on me...let's go to your table.." Ishan said while glaring at shubhman's back.

"Huh?"

"Nothing...now let's go.." Ishan said while dragging a very confuse mayank with himself,

Shubhmanstood there,feeling damn uncomfortable with sara's touch and clinginess. But he can't do anything not wanting to upset sachin sir.

He roamed his eyes to search for his comfort person. His eyes narrowed when he saw ishan dragging a man with him and if he is not wrong than it's mayank, Ishan high school friend.

He immediately clenched his fist at the sight. He felt ignored by ishan, how dare he, ignore him just because of that friend of his?

"Like some fool i was waiting for him to give some comfort to me but he was too lost with his friend to even notice my uncomfortable state..." Shubhman, mocked himself mentally.

Fortunately some friends of sachin called them, and both father and daughter finally let from there, making Shubhman took a deep breath of relief.

Shubhman sit on the his chair, and start waiting for ishan to return while tapping his foot on the ground, a habit to control his annoyance and anger.

30 minutes went by, but ishan was nowhere in sight, Shubhman had enough, just when he was about to get up and search for the shorter male himself, he saw ishan walking to their table, alone.

He took his seat beside Shubhman and immediately felt the gloomy aura surrounding Shubhman, ishan frowned a little.

"Where were you ishu?" Kl asked, as he noticed that ishan was gone for a while.

"Washroom.." Ishan replied, earning a nod from kl rahul.

And for some reasons the air around Shubhman dropped few degree in temperature, give a cold aura to him.

"What happened to you shubh?" Ishan asked, looking concerned.

Shubhman just looked up at him with his dark and angry eyes making ishan shuddered. Ishan gulped, he can tell Shubhman is angry at him.

Shubhman didn't said anything, making ishan more worried than scared. He took out his phone and texted Shubhman.

"Meet me in washroom, after 5 minutes please.."

Just a second later Shubhman's phone dinged, he took out his phone and read Ishan's text. He side glance at ishan who gave him a pleading look.

With that, ishan get up and left from there....Shubhman walked in the corridor of washroom with slow steps, suddenly a hand grabbed his coat and pulled him inside washroom before pinning him on the door of washroom.

Shubhman stare at ishan who is trying to understand his thoughts,

"What happened baby...why are you upset with me? Did i do something wrong.." Ishan asked worriedly while caressing his jaw.

Hearing his oblivious questions, Shubhman felt more angry and hurt, his eyes turn red with possessiveness and anger.

He swiftly changed their position and pinned ishan roughly against the door , before ishan could process anything Shubhman attacked his neck like a hungry lion.

Shubhman start biting his neck harshly,while gripping Ishan's waist tightly with his right hand and his left hand start working on first three buttons of Ishan's shirt.

Shubhman tugged his shirt and exposed his collarbone before kissing and biting on it hungrily. Ishan didn't protest instead he gave more excess to Shubhman while caressing Shubhman's hair.

"Calm down, shubh" Ishan said in soothing voice.

And just like that Shubhman's actions come to an halt, he pulled away from ishan, he saw Ishan's clueless expression and cursed, ishan really don't know, then why he is getting angry.

"You can continue to take out your anger on me shubh...i'm always here for you.." Ishan said while looking worriedly at shubhman.

Shubhman eyes widened in disbelief before pulling ishan close to himself, by his waist once again.

"You are not myStress reveler,you are my boyfriend, my wife...and I will not tolerate someone bad mouthing my wife, not even you..." Shubhman growled angrily,

To which ishan smiled beautifully, and mentally scolded himself to feel jealous earlier, this man is so down for him.

"Then please tell me why are you upset with me?" Ishan asked, looking at other with tender graze.

"That sara was making me feel uncomfortable but you were too busy with that crocodile mayank to notice that..." Shubhman said looking hurt.

"Ohh that girl, only I know how much i controlled myself to pull that witch away from you!! And I also got jealous cause if i'm yours then you are mine too.." Ishan huffed angrily,

Shubhman felt ashamed to even think that ishan can ignore him, he hugged ishan so tightly as if wanted to hide ishan in himself, so that no one can look at him except Shubhman.

"I'm sorry baby...i'm really sorry, I just can't bear to lose you,that's why i want your attention always on me...I know i'm selfish but this is me.." Shubhman said while nuzzling his face in Ishan's neck.

"It's okay, i'm also sorry for leaving you alone there with that sara,..and my everything is already yours, after all i'm your wifey.. Isn't itMr.Husband" ishan chuckled while patting Shubhman's back.

Shubhman's whole body shivered in a pleasurable way, when he heard "husband" from Ishan's mouth, he immediately pulled away hug and cupped Ishan's face in his palms.

"What did you call me?" Shubhman asked desperately.

"Husband? Why? can't I call you that? You also call my wifey...so technically you are my husband right?" Ishan asked while looking up at shubhman.

Which Shubhman replied with a aggressive and breathtaking kiss. Isham moaned at sudden kiss before kissing Shubhman back while standing on his toes.

Ishan felt his lips hurting as Shubhman continue devouring them like some fruit. After 2 minutes Shubhman broke that toe curling kiss.

"I loved how "husband" sounds on your lips.." Shubhman said while attaching his forehead with ishan's.

Ishan couldn't able to make out any word as he keep breathing heavily, Shubhman rubbed Ishan's swollen lips with thump.

"Hmm.." Ishan let out while nodding and snuggled into his chest.

"Let's head back to our table before they start noticing our absence..." Shubhman said.

Ishan pulled away, and Shubhman quickly fixed his shirt buttons and his hair, one by one both of them get out at small time difference from washroom.

_______________________________________Note:

Here is another chapter of this book.

Please share your views on this chapter in comments, i will be waiting. And vote if you like the chapter.

Actually i want to know about my readers so , where are you all from?, i'm from bihar.

See you soon.