Chapter - 18
============

Author's POV**************

Last night, whole team returned quite late from party, around 12 A.M. As all of them were tired, they directly went to their room to get some good sleep.

As Morning come by, Ishan stirred in sleep when sunlight fall on his face,through window. Habitually his hand searched for shubman on bed,

He opened his eyes while frowning, when he didn't found shubman beside him.

At the same moment, Shubman walked inside the room with cup of tea. He smiled when he saw ishan already awake.

He walked to their bed and placed the cup on the side table before sitting beside ishan on bed.

"Good morning love..." Shubman greeted and gave a soft tender kiss on Ishan's forehead.

"You too shub..." Ishan replied as he sit on the bed.

Ishan frowned slightly when he saw shubman all dressed up,

"Are you going somewhere?" Ishan asked him.

To which shubman nodded with sigh.

"Abhishek is eating my head to hangout with our some old friends. As it's weekend so he know thats today I don't have any practice, now i can't even make any excuse.." Shubman said, feeling a little annoyed

Ishan nodded in understanding. He knows abhishek, shubman has told him about this friend of his but ishan haven't seen him in person.

"Okay then what time do you have to leave?" Ishan asked,

"I have to leave Right now..he has already called me for like 5 times,...seriously i some times ask myself why did i even made him my friend.." Shubman huffed.

Ishan laughed a little and shook his head.

Shubman held his right hand making ishan stare back at him with a raised eyebrow,

"Sorry baby...we won't be able enjoy our this weekend together..." Shubman said, apologetically.

Ishan caressed their joined hand with his left hand while giving a reassuring smile to Shubman.

"It's okay, I understand it. Now go before abhishek call you once again.." Ishan replied softly.

Truth to be told, ishan is feeling little down about this, as weekend is their day. They go out and spend time with each other, even when they were only bestfriend.

But he don't want to be seen as attention seeker, that's why he didn't hold shubman back from going out.

Shubman looked in ishan's eyes, searching for something before placing another kiss on his forehead.

"Thankyou baby...I promise I will try to come back as soon as possible then we will spend remaining time together..." Shubman said with a smile.

Ishan nodded and chuckled next moment, when Shubman's phone ringed and screen flashed with abhishek's name.

Shubman stare at phone screen before looking at ishan helplessly, ishan patted his cheeks lightly while shubman shook his head, feeling done with his impatient friend.

"I'm leaving then...your tea is on side table, drink it after getting fresh&up...and I love you so much ish.."

" I love you too...and take care.." Ishan answered.

"You too, take care of yourself.. Bye.."

By saying this Shubman left the room while receiving the call. Ishan laughed when he heard shubman's loud cursing coming from outside, probably at abhishek.

Ishan's eyes roamed here and there in empty room, before Finally  settling on the cup of hot tea.

"Let's fresh&up before tea cools down.." Ishan muttered to himself before going inside bathroom.

Right now, Ishan has an extreme distressed expression on his face as he searched for something in drawers and on tables.

But even after searching for almost 20 minutes, he couldn't able to find it.

"Where did I put it?" Ishan mumbled to himself while massaging his head.

His face was looking like he would burst into tears anytime now.

"Shub had given me that chain with so much love...how can I just lost it somewhere like this? How can I be this careless..." Ishan said to himself, feeling guilty.

Actually just when he was washing his face, he realised that the chain is not around his neck, making ishan go on panic mode,

As he was busy blaming himself, his phone ringed. He checked the caller id, it was unknown number.

"Not now please!!" Ishan shouted at phone in frustration before ending the call.

But looks like the caller was not going to give up, as he keep ringing Ishan's phone, making ishan annoyed.

Finally he received the call and shouted irritatedly,

"What the fuck you want?!"

"Woah, boy....who stepped on your tail in early morning? " A familiar voice asked from other side of phone.

Ishan stare at the screen with frowned face.

"Markande? Again new number? " ishan asked as he recognised his voice.

"Well yeah...I promise this is last time..." Mayank replied.

To which ishan gave a done sigh.

"You always says that...you know what i'm not even going to save this no. Anymore, I already have like 7 or 8 numbers under your name..." Ishan replied, knowing well other.

He heard mayank chuckling on other side of phone, ishan ignored him and continue looking for his chain.

" Look let's talk later, i'm stressed about something...I can't find something precious of mine..." Ishan said

And just as he was about to hung call, mayank shouted to stop him.

"Wait...I called you because of something, actually last night, I found a chain near my table, I recognised that it belongs to you, but before I could return it you ,you with your team already left that party..."

Hearing him, ishan hurriedly pressed the phone back to his ear,

"Really? Thank god I thought I lost it.." Ishan said feeling delighted.

"Oh so this your precious thing...okay then let's meet at xxx cafe and take your precious chain back..." Mayank answered.

"Sure thing...I will there in 30 minutes," by saying this ishan hurriedly ended the call before grabbing his car keys.

He dashed out from his room.

The cup of tea was long forgotten on the bedside table....Ishanparked his car in parking of the said cafe, before running inside the cafe. He start searching for mayank once he entered inside.

"Ishan!! Here..."

He heard someone shouting.

Ishan turn around to look in that direction, there he saw mayank sitting on the corner table while waving at him.

Ishan quickly approached that table with big strides.

"Hel-" mayank started but ishan cut him off.

"Where is my chain?"

"No hi no hello I see..take your seat first..." Mayank said while raising an eyebrow at the shorter male.

Ishan took his seat and extended his palm infront of mayank, who sighed before taking out the chain from his pocket and placed it on Ishan's palm.

Ishan's eyes shone with happiness, he immediately placed a kiss on the chain before putting it around his neck around in next second.

Mayank was noticing his every expression and move, he can tell that when ishan called it precious, he really means it.

"Here drink it, you must have come here in hurry..." Mayank said while giving the glass of water to ishan.

Ishan gladly took the glass and start drinking the water.

"Is it given by Shubman?" Mayank asked while making a guess.

Ishan immediately chocked on the water, he patted his chest to calm down his coughs.

Looking at his reaction, mayank can guess he was right about his hunch.

"It's... It's not.." Ishan replied while stuttering,

"Leave it, but Do you also think I look like a crocodile?" Mayank asked while ignoring Ishan's reply.

Ishan become confused at his wierd question, Then suddenly his eyes widened when he remembered last night washroom scene, Shubman used the same word to address mayank.

Fuck! Mayank heard them, which means he probably knows about his and Shubman's relationship.

"How...much did you heard?" That's the only question ishan could let out.

"Well not much...I didn't had any intention of hearing your talks..I just wanted to use the washroom but ended up hearing Shubman's jealous rant.." Mayank quickly explained his side.

"So you don't find it wierd...I mean a man dating a man?" Ishan asked hesitantly, not meetings mayank's eyes.

To which mayank just shrugged his shoulders,

"Your love life not mine...you can like or love whoever you want, and your relationship should only make sense to you and your partner, not to society..." Mayank replied.

Making ishan smile at other's thoughtfulness.

"Thankyou so much for supporting me and shub..." Ishan expressed gratefully.

"Always...now you wait here, i'm going to get icecream for us, you are paying okay?" Mayank said while getting up.

"Sure...my treat, order whatever you want.." Ishan nodded, he want to thank mayank through this treat.

"Yeyy..." Mayank squealed excitedly and left to place order.

At the same time in ICT apartment,Shubman entered living room and saw rohit and virat sitting there, but he ignored them before running straight to his room.

"Surprise!! I'm bac-" Shubman stopped in middle when he saw empty room.

"Ish.." Shubman called out but didn't get any reply.

He checked whole room but didn't find ishan, so he exited the door and went downstairs to ask members his whereabouts.

He quickly approached the talking duo on the couch.

"Rohit bhaiya...do you know where ishan is?" Shubman asked while looking at the his captain.

"We are visible to him only when he have something to ask about ishan from us.." Virat muttered under his breath.

Which rohit ofcourse heard as he was sitting just beside him and mentally agreed with virat. Before looking up at shubman.

"No idea...he just dashed out somewhere in hurry..." Rohit replied while shaking his head.

Shubman sighed and sit on the opposite couch, feeling gloomy. Now how will he know where ishan is?

" Love indeed make people stupid. Dumb-head ever heard of a device called phone? Use it and ask him where he is.." Virat said irritatedly, shaking his head at his dumb youngest.

To which shubman gave him an awkward smile, making virat scowl at him.

"You are great bhaiya..." Shubman replied while taking out his phone.

"No honey...it's just you are plain dumb.." Virat said sarcastically.

Rohit chuckling at them while shubman pretended to not hear virat and dialled Ishan's number.

After few rings ishan Finally received the call, shubman out the phone on speaker.

"Hello shub...already missing me?" Ishan's teasing voice come from other side of phone.

Virat and rohit made a throwing up gesture, making shubman glare at them.

"Yeah... That's why I called you, are you at home?" Shubman asked normally,

"Umm..no, i'm out with may- i mean shrey bhai, actually I was feeling bored so he offered to hangout with him..." Ishan replied after a brief pause.

Shubman frowned when he heard slight hesitation in Ishan's tone. Before he could ask anything, he heard someone calling Ishan's name in background.

"Cough...cough..." Ishan immediately start coughing loudly, and call ended just after that.

Shubman stare at phone screen with a complicated expression, something was off about Ishan's tone.

Ishan is not lying to him, right?

"Bhaiya...shrey bhai is not at apartment?" Shubman asked.

"Honestly speaking, we didn't saw shrey since morning, I think ishan is saying truth..." Rohit replied.

Only then the doubts in his hearts cleared, he is really becoming stupid, why he always doubt ishan? Damn you shubman!.

Just when three of them were sitting there in silence, they heard someone.

"Hello guys...what are you all doing sitting in silence like this?"

Three of them snap their neck in the direction of voice, in speed of light.

There stood shreyas, looking at a little worried about their neck.

Shubman, virat, rohit, while staring at shreyas.

".............."

"Why are you guys looking at me like that?" Shreyas asked feeling uncomfortable under their stares.

Rohit snapped out of it first, and asked while clearing his throat,

"Where were you since morning?"

"I was in gym...why what happened?" Shreyas asked confusingly.

Virat and rohit took cold breath, and turn to look at Shubman's expression's and hissed under their breath,when they saw his dark look.

Both of them light a candle for ishan in their mind, praying to god to give ishan strength to handle a angry shubman.

Suddenly Shubman get up from couch,

"Shubi..listen-" virat started but Shubhman cut him off in middle.

" When he come back and ask about me tell him, i'm dead!!" By saying this shubman stormed out of living room, angrily.

Shreyas who witness whole this drama, couldn't help but scratch his head in confusion.

" what just happened? " he asked.

Virat and rohit turn their attention to the confuse man,

"Don't know!!" Both of them said in unison while shaking their heads....At cafe, ishan felt something strange, as if something bad was about to happen.

He just hope shubman haven't doubted him.

"He is not home,so no need to worry about getting caught by him..he won't know that i'm not with shrey bhai..." Ishan mentally assured himself.

"Stop spacing out...and tell me why did you lied to him?" Mayank asked while bringing him out of his thoughts.

"It's not that I like lying to him...he just get insecure very easily specially because of you and rishabh...I don't know why he always thinks that I will leave him for someone else..." Ishan replied looking concerned.

"When we love someone with every cell of our body it's normal to feel insecure...He loves you crazily I can see that in his eyes...the way he was looking at you in party, it was filled with desire to lock you in those eyes.." Mayank said what he had observed in party.

"I really to don't know how to make him understand that i'm not going to leave him...never!" Ishan said

"Give him some time...Eventually he will understand it, and whenever he gets jealous or insecure try to talk softly with him,..because one of you two have to act mature that time..." Mayank advised him while patting his hands.

Ishan stare at him with admiration and respect. He wondered just when his friend become this much mature and sensible.

"What? If you are falling for me because of my words please don't.... I want to live some more years on this earth...your man will cut me into pieces.." Mayank said jokingly trying to lighten up the air.

Ishan chuckled at his antics and shook his head.

" falling for you, my foot!! You jerk..." Ishan replied sassily.

Both of them talked for 15 minutes more, before leaving for their homes respectively.

Ishan drove towards ICT apartment without about the storm that's awaiting for him there.

______________________________________

Note :

Here is chapter 18, please share your views on this chapter and please vote if you liked it.

Contest of knowing your readers more: next question,

How old are you guys? I'm 20.

See you soon in next update.