Chapter - 19
============

Author's POV**************

Ishan walked inside living room while humming a song. Virat nudged rohit and pointed at ishan.

Ishan smiled at them and approached the duo before sitting beside virat.

"Bhaiya...where is shub? Has he not returned-"

before ishan could complete his words, virat and rohit shouted in unison, startling ishan.

"He said, HE IS DEAD!!.."

Ishan,with a hand on his chest, stare at them with shocked and confuse face,

"W-what?" Ishan let out confusingly.

Only then other two realised their mistake, that they has reflexively blurt out exactly the same words,shubman had told them to say.

"Not..nothing, kindly ignore our previous comment..." Virat quickly said while clearing his throat.

Ishan looked a little wierded out by them but still didn't said anything, for which other two are thankful.

"By the way...where were you? You left in quite hurry.." This rohit asked, trying to change the subject.

"Actually, Because of something important I had to go and meet Mayank in hurry..." Ishan replied truthfully to him.

Virat and rohit shared a look among themselves, now they know why Ishan lied about being out with Shreyas.

After all they are aware about Shubman's jealousy and possessiveness.

"Oh.." Rohit said while nodding.

"Yeah but bhaiya...please don't tell shub about it, he don't know that I was with mayank...you know right how he gets whenever he see mayank.." Ishan said while slightly pleading.

But ishan didn't get any reply as, other two were busy looking behind Ishan with pale faces.

" I don't think we need tell anything to him anymore..." Virat let out helplessly,

Ishan knitting his eyebrows in confusion.

"What do you mean-"

ishan started but stopped when he heard a very familiar voice from behind, which is now seems to be filled with anger.

"So not only did you lied about being out with shrey bhai but you were also planning on not let me know about that ever ?"

Ishan immediately turn stiff when he heard shubman's voice. He saw how other were giving him a look of pity.

"This is what we call Wrong timing.." Rohit and virat thought in their mind.

Ishan slowly turned his stiffed neck back and saw shubman glaring at him darkly, making ishan gulp in fear.

"Shub..listen to me.." Ishan started while getting up from couch.

Virat and rohit also get up, ready to jump in if things get out of hands.

Shubman walked to him with big and firm strides, before pulling Ishan close by his elbow. His iron grip on Ishan's elbow made ishan hissed in pain.

Shubman looked down in Ishan's eyes with his anger filled one's.

"I had already heard enough ish...what else is left to hear?" Shubman asked while gritting his teeth.

As he said, he grip tightened more around Ishan's elbow, a pained expression appeared on Ishan's face.

"Shubman you are hurting him.." Rohit reminded when he saw Ishan's hurting, and held Shubman's hand.

Shubman just tsked in annoyance and left Ishan with jerk, making ishan stumble a little, virat supported him.

And without saying anything, Shubman dashed towards his room, leaving a guilty ishan behind.

After few minutes of silence, ishan decided to follow shubman, he need to mend things between them before things worsen more.

As he was about to go, virat held him, stopping him. Ishan gave him a questioning look.

"I think you should let him calm down a little, he is so much angry right now and anger always clouds our rational mind..." Virat expressed,concerned. Rohit also nodded in agreement.

Ishan smiled a little at their worried faces before pulling his hand away from virat.

"Don't worry bhaiya...I can handle him, after all it's all my fault that he is angry at me..." Ishan assured them.

Other two still looked somehow hesitant but it's their personal matter so they didn't stopped ishan and nodded.

And with that ishan left from there.

"Do you think they will be fine?" Virat asked, looking at ishan's retreating back.

"Hope so.." Rohit replied with sigh.

Kl rahul who was standing at kitchen door for 30 minutes now, decided to make his presence known. Actually he came to get water but stopped when he heard shubman's angry voice.

"Did they had a fight with each other?" Kl rahul asked as he went to his captain.

Rohit threw him a helpless look.

"Let's talk in hardik room about it.." Rohit said tiredly and start leaving from there.

Kl rahul and virat hurriedly followed him....Ishan rotated the doorknob and sighed when he found the door unlocked.

As he entered inside, he was greeted by darkness as all lights were off, there was only light that was coming through window, where shubman was standing, back facing him.

Ishan closed the door and walked to Shubman before standing just behind him. He raised his hand and placed it on Shubman's shoulder.

"Shub...I can explain, please hear me out..." Ishan pleaded while looking at Shubman's back.

Shubman tilted his head a little before  grabbing Ishan's hand, which was placed on his shoulder, then the next thing was, ishan being pinned against near wall of window.

Shubman stare into Ishan's surprised eyes before leaning close to his face.

"Explain because i also want to know what was the reason behind you lying to me...did that crocodile told you to lie huh?" Shubman asked as calmly as he could.

"I didnt meant to lie to you but i also didn't wanted to make you angry. You don't like mayank near me..so-" ishan's words cut in because of Shubman's rageful laugh.

"So if i don't like something, you will still do it but by lying to me right? Is this what you are trying to say...hm Jaan?" Shubman asked, still in a clam voice.

But from inside, he is boiling in anger, he hate lies and ishan knows it, still other decided to do the same.

Ishan immediately shook his head in no.

"You are getting it all wrong, I didn't mean it like that. I just didn't wanted to make you feel insecure... Nothing else" ishan replied desperately.

Shubman closed his eyes before pressing his forehead against Ishan's. He start taking deep breaths. It's not like he don't have any control over his anger but whenever it comes to ishan he just lost it.

" I'm not a man with lots of patience jaan...and you are making it so hard for me to keep my calm...please don't test me, you are too fragile to bear the the consequences of your little stunts..." Shubman uttered heavily while nuzzling his nose against Ishan's cheek.

And ishan felt his knees becoming jelly at Shubman's Words. He had to held Shubman shirt tightly to balance himself.

" I promise I won't do something like this again..and as for today i'm really sorry, shub.." Ishan said sincerely.

Shubman pulled a little away and looked at ishan, who's eyes are pleading to forgive him.

Shubman sighed,it's not like he can stay mad at ishan for long, but that also doesn't means that he can let this slide easily.

His hands made their way to Ishan's waist before pulling shorter male close to his chest with a hard jerk. A dark smirk appeared on his face.

"You did very wrong, so get ready for punishment baby...only after punishment I will decided whether your sorry is accepted or not..." Shubman said huskily over Ishan's lips, letting his hot breath kiss Ishan's lips.

Having finish saying that, Shubman lifted ishan, who immediately wrapped his legs around his torso.

Shubman walked to their bed in dark room and throw ishan on the bed. Because of his aggressive behaviour ishan almost let out a scream,

but couldn't as Shubhman sealed his lips with a hungry kiss while His right hand went to nightstand table before turning on the bedside lamp.

It was like something snapped in Ishan, he circled his arms around Shubman's neck before kissing back but still couldn't match Shubman's hunger.

Shubman keep kissing and biting his lips to calm all the anger which filled in his veins. Ishan put hand on his chest to break the kiss, but Shubman grabbed that hand before pinning it above Ishan's head.

He get back on kissing those lips, like he was starving for years. After few more minutes he broke the kiss and stare at ishan's messy state and swollen lips.

" It was hard to breath...wasn't it?" Shubman asked while looking at  heavily breathing male beneath him.

"I felt the same when you lied to me..." Shubman continue darkly before biting ishan's earlobe.

"Ahh.." Ishan hissed a little.

Shubman ripped Ishan's shirt before throwing it away somewhere on the floor. He placed his mouth on Ishan's shoulder and start leaving open mouth kisses there.

Shubman then took ishan's left bud in his mouth and start sucking it before biting it harshly.

"Ahh..shub..d..don't.." Ishan screamed in pain as his eyes turn teary.

"You are not allowed to deny anything today baby..." Shubman said in a deep voice in between kisses.

He briefly kissed Ishan's whole upper body, almost wetting it with his saliva. He devoured every inch of ishan's tanned body while ishan keep whimpering and moaning.

Shubman start getting impatient as he couldn't able to feel Ishan's skin properly because of his clothes so Shubman hurriedly undressed himself.

Ishan immediately turned his face away, shying away from naked glory of his boyfriend.

Shubman gripped Ishan's chin and made ishan looked at him.

"Don't you dare to look away from me, never....keep looking at me.."

His voice held so much authority, that ishan had to obey. Shubman smiled in satisfaction, before pulling Ishan's pant off with boxers in on go, making ishan let out surprised gasp.

"So pretty and sinful...just for me.." Shubman said while admiring Ishan's naked body.

" only for you.." Ishan replied as his was filled with love for this man.

Shubman smiled and went down for another kiss. Ishan whimper at such aggressive biting and sucking on his lips, it will leave bruise for sure.

Shubman literally chewed on Ishan's lips as if his lips are some kind of fruit. He then left those lips before making his way to ishan's neck and start leaving big hickeys there, which will be visible through shirt too.

Ishan was moaning and breathing heavily because of that long bruising kiss ,then suddenly he gripped Shubman's shoulder tightly, digging his nails, when Shubman's two fingers enter inside his hole without any warning.

"Ahhhhhh...noo...s..shub..." Ishan screamed in pain while closing his eyes tightly.

Shubman ignored his scream and start fingering inside him fastly, making ishan sobbed because of sensitivity.

He clutches on Shubman's shoulder tightly,

"P-please... Slow down...I will cum.. Please.." Ishan pleaded.

Instead of slowing down, Shubman increased the pace as his member is dying to be inside that hot hole as soon as possible.

"No one is stopping you...cum baby.." Shubman replied while fingering him

And soon ishan cummed with a loud moan. As ishan was still recovering from his orgasm, he let out a loud scream when Shubman entered his full member inside him in one go.

"Ahhhh...shubman...Ahh..you are ahh beast.." Ishan screamed, feeling ripped apart at sudden penetrate.

Looking at his pained expression, Shubman's eyes finally softened. He caressed Ishan's jaw.

"Relax for me jaan..." Shubman said softly.

Ishan looked up and saw shubman's loved filled eyes. No matter how angry Shubman was at him, the love for Ishan in those eyes never fade away even for a second and that what made ishan want and love Shubman more.

Ishan nodded and start taking deep breath to calm his breathing. Shubman start placing gentle and feathery kisses on Ishan's face while start moving inside him.

Only after few thrusts, Shubman start thrusting inside ishan aggressively and fiercely like some beast.

"Ahhh...ah..ah..shub..ahh..shubman!" Ishan moaned loudly.

"Fuck...I love my name from your sinful mouth.." Shubman grunted while penetrating deep inside Ishan's hole.

Ishan wrapped his legs around Shubman while shubman's thrust didn't stopped even for a second. His thrust didn't matched with gentle kisses he was placing on Ishan's face.

"I'm c..cummimg.." Ishan said between his moans.

"Me too sweetheart..." Shubman replied and increased the speed of thrust.

And just after few thrust both of them cummed together, Shubman inside ishan and ishan on his stomach.

Ishan lied there,soaked in sweat breathing heavily. But Shubman had something else his mind as with a swift move he changed their position and pulled Ishan on his lap.

"Ride me baby..." Shubman ordered him.

Ishan immediately shook his head tiredly, not having an energy.

"Please...no more.."

To which shubman gripped his neck and pulled ishan's face close to him before giving a wet lick to ishan's blood swollen lips.

"Remember you are not allowed deny anything today..." Shubman said while smirking.

After hearing his words, ishan had only on question in his mind,

"Why did I even think about lying to him? Wasn't it same as willing walking in lion's den? Poor me.." Ishan mentally pitied himself.

Having no other choice then following Shubman's order, ishan slowly guided Shubman's member, which is hard once again, to his hole before slowly pushing it inside.

And Shubman never knew he jaan could look this hot and tempting while doing something so lewd like this.

With Shubman's help ishan start bouncing on his member. Shubman gripped his waist tightly and start thrusting inside his with so much for that ishan cummed once again.

"S..slow down..please.." Ishan weakly begged but Shubman turn deaf ear to it.

He keep pounding inside ishan while ishan just moaned helplessly, bouncing on his member.

Shubman gave some hard thrust after cumming once again inside ishan.

Ishan leaned on Shubman tiredly, looking half unconscious.

"Please.. No more...I can't.." Ishan said as his eyes keep closing because of tiredness.

Shubman decided to end it there when he saw Ishan's pale face. Ishan already fell asleep. Shubman pulled his thing out and made ishan lay on the bed properly.

He then cleaned both of them with a wet towel and made ishan wear a new shorts before himself doing the same.

Shubman then joined a Ishan in bed before pulling shorter male in his tight embrace. He keep looking at ishan's sleeping face with a serious face.

"Don't make me lock you up, away from everyone's eyes...cause I know you won't like that for sure..." Shubman muttered to himself, obsessively.

He gave a suck on ishan's lips once again before closing his eyes to get some sleep, holding ishan close to his chest like he would disappear any moment.

______________________________________

Note:

Update is here, my lovely reader.

Please tell how was the chapter in comments and vote for it if you like the chapter.

See you soon with another chapterHave a great day ahead.Umaaahh😘