Chapter - 20
============

Author's POV**************

Currently Everyone is enjoying cool breeze on the rooftop, after having dinner.

"Looks like they had a quite intense fight..." Hardik said quietly.

"I know right...I mean just look at ishu's neck.." Surya agreed, who was sitting just beside him.

Kuldeep stare at them weirdly and smacked both of their heads, making them whine.

"What nonsense are you both spouting? Those are hickeys not some fight marks..." Kuldeep said.

To which, hardik and surya just rolled their eyes at him.

"And we were just being sarcastic. Ofcourse we know what those marks are..." Hardik replied with duh done.

Finally someone couldn't take it anymore and decided to interfere,

" talking about someone like they aren't there is rude, you know?" Ishan said while pointing his finger at them.

"If you want blame anyone then blame your boyfriend, who left these big marks on your neck...." Surya replied.

Ishan pouted and turn around to glare at Shubman who is busy in laughing at him, making ishan pout more.

"Okay enough...stop teasing my baby" Shubman said and hugged Ishan from behind , who nodded.

"We can't digest this much sweetness"  virat suddenly exclaimed with a done face.

Everyone made a gagging gesture before laughing loudly.

shubman shook his head at their antics and continued back hugging ishan while putting his chin on Ishan's shoulder.

After 30 minutes, everyone decided to head down and sleep as they have an advertisement shoot yesterday.

But Shubman and ishan didn't moved an inch from their place, too busy in their moment.

"Hey...romeo and juliet, if you both done, then let's go, don't forget both of you have a magzine cover shoot..." Rohit shouted from roof door.

"Yeah yeah coming bhaiya..." Both of replied back in unison and also left from there while holding hands.

Next morning, whole team had reached at their shooting studio with their team manager.

Right now everyone is getting ready for their respective shoots.

Just then their team manager entered dressing room and clapped to get all 11's attention.

"Boys!! first we will start with solo shoot, then at last we will do a whole team shoot for upcoming matches...is it clear?" Their team manager explained.

"No problem..." Rohit replied respectfully.

"Good, so let's start with your solo shoot first.." Team manager said referring to rohit, who nodded.

With that both of them left from there.

Ishan was getting his hair done by hair stylist, while using his phone. Suddenly he received a text from Shubman.

Ishan frowned and turn to look at other side of room, where shubman is getting ready.

At the same time Shubman also looked back at him, causing their eyes to meet. Shubman sign him through eyes to read the message.

"Why is he messaging me, when he is also sittingin same room?" Ishan thought Mentally.

Still he opened the message and his cheek immediately tinted with a light blush when he read the message.

"You are looking so goodwifey...wish I could kiss you right now.." -text from shub ❤️.

Ishan once again looked at Shubman, who is staring at him with raw emotions in his eyes, making ishan want to kiss those deep ocean eyes.

It's so heart wrenching to burn with desire to touch each other freely but couldn't able to do it, because of world.

"Ishan stop moving your head...i'm styling your hair here..."

Ishan was brought out of his thoughts when he heard his hear stylist talking.

Ishan immediately sit properly.

"I'm sorry...please continue" ishan apologized sincerely, earning a nod from hair stylist,...Everyone was done with their solo shoot and now it's time for their group shoot, as indian team.

But Shubman was not there, ishan keep looking for him here and there.

"Ishu...where is shubi? Manager can call us anytime now for shoot..." Rohit asked, as he also couldn't find Shubman.

"Don't know bhaiya..." Ishan replied, distressed.

"Guys I think I saw him going towards  washroom 20 minutes ago..." Suddenly siraj said.

Upon hearing siraj, ishan already left from there to look for Shubman while rohit turn around to glare at siraj.

" why didn't you tell us earlier, when you knew where shubi is? " Rohit asked while narrowing his eyes.

" No one asked me.." Siraj replied innocently.

Rohit just rolled his eyes at him while letting out done sigh.

Ishanwas going in the direction of washroom, then suddenly a hand come from an empty room and pulled ishan inside.

"You didn't seems surprise or startled..." Shubman asked amusingly while looking at the shorter male.

"Because I knew it was you.." Ishan replied with duh.

Shubman smiled a little before hugging ishan tightly in his embrace, making other almost feel suffocated.

" I couldn't able to touch you since morning because of this shoot and all...it was making me restless. But now after having you like this in my arms, my heart and mind is finally home...." Shubman said as his voice sounded so raw. Shubman nuzzled his face into Ishan's shoulder.

Although his words made ishan feel giddy from inside, he still decided to tease Shubman a little and said,

"Seriously you can't take your hands off me even for some hours? What's next, you'll lock me up and put a dozen of babies in me?" Ishan asked while joking.

Shubman pulled away from hug and stare at ishan's teasing expressions before smirking in amusement,

"Can you handle it?" Shubman asked in a deep voice.

"Handle what?" Ishan asked back confusingly.

"Me putting a dozen babies in you.." Shubman replied with a naughty smirk.

Ishan's eyes turn wide as he stare at Shubman feeling speechless. He said so many things and Shubman heard only that part?

"Are you for real?! Just because you call me wife doesn't mean i am a woman, you Dumb-head!!" Ishan shouted at him after overcoming the shock.

"Anything is possible as our science has progressed a lot....I think we should prepare for that now...come here!!"

By saying this Shubman pulled ishan close once again and start leaving sniff kisses on his neck and cheeks.

"No!! Stay away!!" Ishan said but ended up giggling because of trickling kisses.

(a/n: above lines, read them atpintrestlong time ago...these lines are not mine, I just modified it a little...)

Shubman stare fondly at giggling man in his arms. Oh how much he loves this cute man. He is ready to sacrifice anything as long as he can hold ishan like this.

"Stop teasing me shub" ishan whined, making Shubman chuckle before hugging ishan once again.

A beautiful smiled immediately appeared on Ishan's lips as he snuggled more to his lover's warmth.

"Fine fine...by the way why did you come looking for me?"

Only then ishan remembered the purpose of coming there and his eyes turn wide.

"Fuck... Rohit bhaiya will kill me, run shub!!.." Ishan exclaimed and grabbed Shubman's hand.

Both of them run in full speed, not wanting to make rohit more mad.

Rohitkeep walking back and forth while biting his nails. Once he couldn't take it Anymore, he decided to go and look for both of them by himself.

"Ro...they are here" virat's voice stopped his actions in middle.

Rohit turn around and saw two running figures approaching him and stopping infront of him.

Rohit glared at ishan, who gave him a clumsy smile.

"Ouch.." Suddenly ishan winced while rubbing his head where virat just smacked him.

" you went to find shubi or ali baba's treasure huh? What took you so long?" Virat asked while raising an eyebrow at him.

"The Manager has come calling twice since then for shoot..." Rohit joined virat and scolded.

"Sorry bhaiya..." Ishan replied while pouting at being scolded.

Shubman, looked at his pout and jumped in to rescue him from getting scolded more, as it was whole his fault not Ishan's.

"Bhaiya, you can scold us later, right now let's go for shoot, aren't we are already late?" Shubman said.

Hardik who was standing just beside them, moved a little closer to surya and whispered,

"The prince come rescue his princess in from getting scolded.. How romantic!!"

Surya chuckled a little before nodding.While kl rahul just shot them done look before looking back at virat.

"Yes guys...let's go," Kl rahul said agreeing with Shubman.

Rohit and virat nodded and all of them start heading towards shoot area, as they had already delayed enough.

Their shoot lasted for 1 hour, around noon all of them returned back to apartment. Everyone make themselves comfortable on the couch in living room.

"Not in mood to make food after tiring day, let's order food delivery..." Virat said tiredly.

Earning a nod from kl rahul and sami as making food for team falls under three of them department.

(A/n: I just made it up, don't know if they can cook or not..)

"Okay... Let me order it.." Hardik said and took out his phone to order.

Soon he was done with it and informed others that food will arrive after 45 minutes. Earning few "hmm" and "okay" from other members.

"We are going to rest in our room for a bit.." Shubman said while getting up.

Ishan also followed his actions.

Rohit just nodded in acknowledgement and both of  them walked towards upstairs, to their room.

Both of them walked inside their shared room. Ishan dragged his tired body to bed and immediately lay down on it and groaned at the softness of mattress.

Ishan then stare tiredly at Shubman who is taking off his blazer.

"What happened ish?" Shubman asked, sensing his graze.

Ishan didn't replied instead opened his arms wide and mentioned Shubman to come.

"Need cuddles..." Ishan said with a adorable whine.

Making Shubman chuckle.

"What are you? A kid?" Shubman asked,

"Not kid, but your wife, now come and cuddle me, hubby!!" Ishan replied a impatient voice, playing wife card.

And how can Shubman say anything after hearing that adorable "hubby" reference to himself.

"As you wish my wifey..."

By saying this, Shubman slipped next to ishan. Ishan immediately latched himself like a starfish on Shubman and snuggled into his chest.

Shubman smiled at his clinginess and wrapped his arms protectively and possessively around ishan and placed a kiss on his hair....Meanwhile, in prithvi's ( team manager ) Cabin. He was doing some work on his laptop, then suddenly someone knocked on his cabin door.

"Come in..." He let out while keeping eyes on his laptop. Actually his is busy with team's upcoming promotion schedule.

His assistant walked inside with a tensed expressions.

"Sir..."

Prithvi looked up at him.

"Oh kunal...what happened?" He asked.

"Umm...actually...I.." His assistant hesitated while Stammering.

"Say clearly whatever you want to say...i'm quite busy here.." Prithvi said while frowning,

His assistant took a deep breath and said everything in a one breathe.

"I saw shubman and ishan kissing each other in a empty room at set!!.."

There was pin drop silence in cabin as prithvi stared horrified at him.

"What the fuck are saying?! Are you Fucking out of your mind?" Prithvi shouted, finding it ridiculous.

"Are you even listening to yourself?!!" Prithvi continue while looking at him with pissed off expression.

"I know sir it's hard to believe... But i'm saying truth. And I have proof also.." His assistant kunal said.

"What proof?" Prithvi asked while raising an eyebrow.

Kunal took out his phone, and opened the gallery of his phone before handing it to prithvi, who immediately took it before looking at the screen.

There are picture of Shubman kissing ishan while both of them were hugging each other.

The phone almost slipped from his hands as he stare at the screen in shock and disbelief.

After few seconds, prithvi come back to his senses and immediately deleted all the pictures from kunal's phone.

"Listen to me very carefully.... Don't let this leak outside. This should be only between you and me or else you'll have to face the consequences..." Prithvi warned kunal and handed his phone back to him.

"Don't worry sir...I won't.." Kunal replied with honesty.

"Hmm...now please go.." Prithvi said with a stressed face.

Kunal nodded and left the cabin.

Prithvi let out a depressing sigh and placed a palm over his forehead. He really don't know how to handle this unexpected situation.

He always knew that those two are extremely close but he had never in his wildest dream expected them to be lovers.

Don't get him wrong, he is not against it but his job is to do every possible thing to make his artist or athlete successful in career. And if media or even their fans find out about their cricketers being gay....the hell will lose.

He can't risk shubman's and Ishan's career, especially not when both of them had just start getting recognition.

"I urgently need to handle this!!.." Prithvi uttered with a serious expression.

_______________________________________Note:

New chapter is here.

Actually i wanted to know your opinion about, should I make itmpregor not? Although i don't know how it works but i can give it try.

And please share your view on this chapter in comments.

See you soon in next updateKeep smiling my lovely reader ❤️.