Chapter - 21
============

Author's POV**************

As it was already August, whole team is practicing like horse as Asia cup is approaching. They can't afford any laxity in practice.

It's extra special for Shubman and ishan as it's their first asia cup, they want to do their best in field during matches, so they are putting more efforts in practice.

Even right now, when others are taking resting after practice, Shubman is still busy with running around field.

Everyone knows Shubman's passion and hardwork towards cricket. But Shubman always thinks like he is not doing enough, making ishan and others worried.

"Shub please stop over doing yourself, to perform well in match you first need to stay fit,..." Ishan shouted worriedly from sitting area.

"But I don't want to mess-" Shubman started but virat didn't let him complete.

"No buts...don't force me to come there and break your legs with my bat, you stubborn kid. Now you decide either walking here on your own legs or on wheelchair..." Virat threatened while pointing his bat at him.

Shubman stopped running and let out a defeated sigh, after all who can he against The virat kohli, so at end and walked to others before sitting there.

"Ouch...stop didn't you just said i need to stay fit, then why are you beating me?" Shubman hissed in pain as Ishan smacked his head hard.

Ishan just huffed at him before handing him a water bottle, which shub took with a smile.

"You deserve it.." Rohit commented, referring to Ishan's smack.

"Whatever bhaiya..." Shubman replied while drinking water.

And ishan took a small towel, then start wiping Shubman's sweaty neck and face, making Shubman smiled at his caring nature.

All of them stare at their lovely display of affection and thought, they didn't sign up for this. I mean there is no need make them feel single every single Fucking time!!

"Just get married already!!." Hardik exclaimed while throwing his hands in air dramatically.

Making other nod in agreement.

Hearing his words Ishan's hands that were on Shubman's face, stopped as he become embarrassed. Meanwhile Shubman just shamelessly held that hand before looking at hardik with smirk.

"I'm ready to marry him for a long time but he is the one who is not accepting my proposal..." Shubman replied before side hugging ishan, and made a sad puppy face.

"Woah..woah.." everyone hooted in unison, making ishan more embarrassed.

Ishan freed himself from Shubman's hold and immediately run from there with a red face and a shy smile.

Shubman chuckled at his shyness before shaking his head.

"You scared him, dumbo.." Rohit said.

"No bhaiya...it's called shyness..." Shubman replied with cheeky smile.

"Chill Ro..soon we will attending their wedding.." Virat said while hugging Rohit's shoulder.

" weirdly you and Shubman are so similar..." Rohit let out, not so amusingly.

"We know!!" Shubman and virat laughed together.

Ishanwas going towards apartment, he still has that beautiful smile on his face as he recalled Shubman's words from earlier.

The train of his thoughts come to an halt when his phone suddenly ringed.

He look at the screen and frowned when he saw caller i'd. he still received the call.

"Hello,.." Ishan said over phone.

" Meet me at my cabin right now...and don't inform others that you are coming here..." Prithvi's voice come from other side of call.

"Right now? Something happened?" Ishan asked confusingly.

"Yeah...something big happened, so come here fast..i'm waiting.." By saying this prithvi ended the call.

Ishan tilted his head in confusion.

"What does he meant by don't let others know about me meeting him? And if something big happened then shouldn't he talk to rohit bhaiya?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Nonetheless he still decided to meet prithvi first as he don't know how serious things are....After 30 minutes of drive, ishan reached at Prithvi's office and walked inside, making his way towards his cabin.

Ishan had uneasy look on his face. He don't know why but since the moment he stepped inside, he is getting a very bad and off feeling.

Soon he reached there, and with a light push he opened the door and went inside.

"Oh you are here...take your seat.." Prithvi said once he noticed ishan.

Ishan nodded and sit on the chair, looking at prithvi.

"You said something big happened.. What is it?" Ishan directly asked him.

To which prithvi gave him a unknown look, before staring at him with seriousness.

The look in his eyes, made Ishan's guts feel more strong, something big had definitely happened and one thing is sure, it's not good one.

"Look i dont want to beat around the bush..What's going on between you and Shubman?" Prithvi asked straightforwardly.

Upon hearing his question shan immediately turn stiff as his whole body tensed up. His mind went on full panic mode.

"Has he found out about us? But how?, No...no this can't happen.." Ishan mentally tried to comfort himself.

After few seconds of internal debate, ishan looked at prithvi and said,

"What do you mean by that? Say it clearly..."

"Fine, if that's what you want...what were you two doing in that empty room at set yesterday? Does it now ringed some bell about what i'm asking?" Prithvi asked, a slight anger can be detected in his tone.

Ishan's whole mind went blank, it was like someone has dumped a bucket of cold water on him. He felt like air was knocked out from his lungs.

There was only one thing that keep repeating in his mind, like a stuck reel.

"He knows...he Fucking knows.."

Prithvi was waiting for him to say something but become concerned when he saw tears rolling down from Ishan's eyes.

"Heyy...Why are you crying? Shh..here drink some water..."

Only then ishan realised that he was crying, he immediately wiped his tears and didn't take the glass of water.

"Did...did you tell about this to higher ups also?" Ishan asked while Stammering, feeling scared of answer.

"No...not yet..and it can remain like this but only on one condition..." Prithvi said.

And ishan can already guess that condition, his heart sink at that just mere possibility. Ishan really didn't want to hear that condition at all.

But nonetheless, prithvi didn't know his inner turmoil and put the condition infront of him,

"Break up with Shubman..."

Those cruel words of prithvi, broke ishan's heart into million pieces. He stopped breathing for a minute. He tightly clenched his fist, digging nails in palm.

"What...what if i refuse?" Ishan dared to ask, while looking at that cruel man who is their so called manager.

To which prithvi gave him a guilty look.

"Then unwillingly i have to involve higher ups into this matter.... And you are well aware about what will happen if they get involved..." Prithvi replied.

Ishan let out an empty chuckle which was filled with mockery and indifference. He very well understand what Prithvi is saying.

To put it simply now he have to choose between their career or love? But is it really possible to choose one of them?

"Is this how it going to end?" Ishan thought miserably.

New tears start rolling down from his eyes which he harshly wiped.

" I don't have any other choice do i?" Ishan asked shallowly. His eyes were red because of crying.

Those expressionless eyes and voice made prithvi feel more guilty than ever but he really can't do anything about it.

"I'm sorry to say this but no...now everything depends on your decision, either your and Shubman's career or your relationship..." Prithvi said while stoning  his heart.

"You have one week to think it through..." Prithvi continued.

Ishan almost let out mocking sneer at his words, even whole time in world wouldn't be enough for him to think it over.

Still, Ishan nodded his head while getting up from chair, as he took first step, he stumbled as he couldn't even feel his legs, his whole body was numb.

"Be careful!.." Prithvi said.

Ishan didn't replied to him and composed himself before exiting without turning back for even a second. He dashed out from Prithvi's office....It was 5 P.M. and there was a tensed atmosphere in ICT apartment. Everyone had a worried expressions on their face as they can't seems to find ishan anywhere in apartment.

" Bhaiya...his phone is switched off.." Shubman said while entering the living room with a stressed face.

"Damn! Where this kid has gone, that too without telling anyone anything? This is highly unappreciated....let him come, i will break his legs.." Virat uttered angrily.

Shubman keep trying ishan number, all went in vain as it's still switched off. Shubman tightly clenched the phone in his hand while ruffling his hair in frustration.

"Where on the earth are you ish?" Shubman mumbled to himself, frustrated and worried.

Suddenly kl rahul's phone ringed, catching everyone's attention as their was an pin drop silence in living room.

Kl rahul received the call before pressing it against his ear.

"Hello..."

"Hello bhaiya...it's me mayank, can you please come to blue moon bar, ishan is dead drunk...I can't handle him alone..." Mayank said from other side of call,

"What the fuck?! Ishan is in bar,with you?!" Kl rahul shouted whil cursing which is a rare sight.

Everyone stare at him, wondering who called him.

Shubman walked to him and snatched the phone away from him before putting it on speaker.

"Shh bhaiya...tone it down what if Shubman heard you? He tell me not call Shubman that's why i called you..." Mayank hurriedly said from other side.

Shubman frowned at that, why Ishan don't want him to come there and get him?

"Too late for that...he with others already heard it..." Kl rahul replied with sigh.

All of them heard, mayank cursing faintly from other side,they could also hear Ishan's drunk blabbering in background.

"Stay there...i'm coming " by saying this Shubman immediately ended the call.

Shubman handed the phone back to kl rahul and start leaving from there but virat stopped him.

"I'm also coming with you.." Virat said firmly.

Shubman don't want argue right now and nodded. With that both of them left form there to a certain bar.

On road,virat tightly held his seat belt while praying whatever god is above to make them reach that bar safely, because Shubman is driving the car like plane in full speed.

Shubman suddenly take a sudden turn, startling virat to his death.

"Shubman for god sake drive like a human!!...who gave you driving licence, because from what i can see you are horrible and disastrous driver!!..." Virat shouted at him.

"Not right now bhaiya...i'm already worried for ish..I just want to reach there as soon as possible.." Shubman replied without taking his eyes off road.

Ishan is not someone, who drinks and gets this drunk carelessly and Shubman knows it. something is definitely bothering him.

"I understand you, we are also worried but that doesn't mean, i don't cherish my life...so please slow down the speed a little..i'm begging you.." Virat pleaded.

Shubman sighed before nodding, making virat take a breath of relief.

As that bar was not away from their apartment, it only took 30 minutes before Shubman and virat reached there.

Shubman pulled the car infront of entrance, and saw mayank who is having a very hard time handling a very drunk Ishan.

Before virat could come out from car, Shubman was already out of the car and quickly approached ishan.

He didn't even spare a single glance to mayank before Snatching ishan away from his hold. Shubman pulled ishan into his embrace, supporting him by his waist.

Mayank shook his head at Shubman's jealousy before saying,

"Please take care of him, I think he is tensed about something..."

Virat also joined them and thanked mayank for taking care of ishan, who nodded in acknowledgement.

"Hmm...did he tell you something, like what is bothering him?" Shubman asked.

Mayank was a little startled as it's first time, that Shubman is talking to him in sentence. But he overcome it, before shrugging.

"No...he just called me to meet here, and start drinking like there is no tomorrow...." Mayank replied with sigh.

Shubman frowned a little, but didn't said anything. He held Ishan more close to himself before looking down at his drunk face,

"Don't... Don't wanna.. Leave... Don't.." Ishan mumbled in drunkenness.

Shubman tired to listen but couldn't able to, as ishan's words were sounding like a mere whisper.

"Shubi...let's take him back, see he can't even stand properly..." Virat said, earning a nod from Shubman.

Shubman carried Ishan in bridal style and walked to their car with virat. Virat opened the back door, and Shubman made ishan lay on the back seat, before closing the door.

( like this )

"Thankyou once again...and you also go back now.." Virat turn and said to mayank.

"Sure thing bhaiya...bye guys.." With that mayank also left from there.

Shubman and virat also get inside their car and without wasting a second left from there towards ICT apartment.

Throughout the ride from bar to apartment, Shubman keep checking on Ishan though front mirror of car as other was still blabbering something in drunkenness.

Virat start feeling a headache and said with sigh,

"When you can't handle it then don't drink na...let him sober up a little, I will smack him so hard that he will forget what drinking means..."

Shubman was equally displeased by ishan's this careless behavior, leaving without informing anyone and getting drunk, it's not something ishan had done before.

With a frowned face, Shubman keep driving towards apartment, ishan need to give him a good explanation of all this after he sober up.

Soon they reached apartment, and walked inside with ishan in Shubman's hold.

Everyone surrounded them to check on Ishan but sighed when they saw his half conscious state.

"Move guys...Shubi, take him to your room and please change his clothes, he is reeking of alcohol.." Rohit reasoned.

Shubman nodded and went upstairs. He kicked open the door of his room and walked inside.

( Like this )

He went to bed before making ishan lay on their bed.

He stare at ishan's totally wasted state and sighed in annoyance. He then walked to cupboard and take out pair tshirt and shorts.

With a lots of difficulties, he finally changed ishan's clothes and made him more comfortable on bed before sitting beside him.

He raised his hands and start caressing Ishan's cheeks gently.

"What's bothering you so much ish, that you rather get this drunk instead of talking about it with me?..." Shubman muttered while staring at ishan's sleeping face.

" and I didn't like how you called that crocodile instead of me...i'm jealous baby.." Shubman continue, his tone was a little complaining.

But ofcourse ishan didn't replied as he was already sleep. Shubman then also layed down beside him and hugged ishan tightly in his embrace,

( imagine them as ishman )

"I just hope you are okay ish..."

That was his last thought before closing his eyes to get some sleep.

______________________________________

Note:

Sorry for late update, actually i'm busy with university works.

So here is today's chapter, please share your views on this chapter in comments. Vote for it if you like that chapter.

Images used above are not mine, I took them frompintrest.

See you soon in next update.Till then enjoy.