Chapter - 22
============

Author's POV**************

Shubman stare at ishan who is busy fooling around with surya and hardik, as his mind wandered to past few days.

He still remember the day when he went to bar, to get a very drunk ishan. After sobering up, when Shubman asked the reason behind all this, other just tossed it away while making excuses, like he was stressed about upcoming matches.

And Shubman can tell, ishan was lying, ishan may think that he can lie but Shubman knows better, ishan is anything but a good liar.

It's been two days to that whole scenario. In these days Shubman has noticed, ishan has become distant but only to him, other still behave same with other members. It was like ishan is close to him yet so far, like a invisible wall has come between them.

"Shubman....Stop drilling holes in ishan through your eyes.."

Kl rahul's voice brought him out of his thoughts, he turn around a look at kl rahul, who just appeared out of nowhere beside him.

"It's not like that bhaiya...i was just spacing out.." Shubman replied.

Kl rahul just nodded before quietly sitting there.

Shubman's eyes once again find it's way to ishan, who was also looking back at him, their eyes meet for few seconds before ishan turned his focus back on surya, who was saying something.

Shubman start feeling irritation in his heart, he just don't get the sudden change in ishan's behaviour. It's not like he didn't ask other, but ishan keep saying it's nothing.

"If You are going to keep sighing like this, you will have wrinkles, you know?" Once again kl rahul commented, staring at the sighing man.

Shubman didn't looked away from ishan and said,

"I going back to my room.."

Having said that, Shubman get up and directly left towards his room, upstairs.

Kl rahul stare at his retreating back and then shifted his graze back to ishan, whose eyes is also fixed on the stairs, before muttering to himself,

"Something is off , I mean ishan didn't tried even for a second to approach Shubman like other days..."

As he finished his words, he saw ishan excusing himself and going upstairs, more specially to his room.

"Or maybe i'm just overthinking?" Kl rahul said to himself before shrugging, not wanting dwell on it anymore.

Ishanhad a blank look on his face as he climb the stairs, it was like the one, who was laughing just few minutes ago,was someone else.

Prithvi's words keep haunting him day and night, leaving him all miserable. His words are eating him from inside.

He is trying his best wrap his head around this whole situation, that's why he is maintaining some distance from Shubman.

And he know his actions are hurting Shubman, his heart squeezed painfully at the thought of being reason behind Shubman's pain.

It's not like he don't want to share all this things with Shubman, but the thing is he can't bring himself to make Shubman choose between his career and their love, knowing Shubman's passion for cricket. He is not that cruel person.

Other might think that he is overthinking or just a coward but they are not in his shoes, so they don't have any right to look down on him, they don't know about the raging storms in his heart and mind.

While lost in his thoughts ishan reached his room and stare at it for few seconds before opening it and entering inside.

Shubman who was sitting on the bean bag, stare at the ishan who just walked inside, before mentioning him to come close. Ishan did what he was told, and stood infront Shubman.

Shubman looked up at ishan and held his wrist, before suddenly pulled ishan down on his lap, catching other off guard.

"You!! Why did you pulled me like that?" Ishan asked while staring at him.

Shubman's face was full of indifference. He didn't replied ishan and pulled ishan closed by his waist, staring in his soul as if wanted to see through him.

"Why i'm feeling like some distance has come between us, hmm ish? You laugh with members but hardly talk with me, why?" Shubman asked, looking a little frustrated.

Ishan gently caressed Shubman's face before pressing his forehead against Shubman's, their nose almost touching.

"It's not like that shub..." Ishan felt awful, lying to Shubman. He didn't dare looking in Shubman's eyes.

Shubman stare at man in his lap, before smirking mockingly. Then he thought of something before claiming ishan's lips in a rough kiss.

Ishan didn't refuse the kiss, he couldn't. He let Shubman abuse his lips brutally. Shubman keep kissing ishan like his life depends on it.

After few seconds he broke the kiss and attacked his neck, making ishan moan. Ishan bite his lips to suppress the moans, but Shubman keep sucking his sweet spot, making ishan unable to hold his moans.

As Shubman was busy painting ishan's neck, his hands slipped inside ishan's tshirt, feeling his bare skin.

As if touched by electric shock, ishan immediately broke the kiss before getting up from Shubman's lap.

"Didn't I told you before to never break the kiss in between? " Shubman asked while getting up from bean bag.

Ishan catched his breath before fixing himself a little and stare in Shubman's eyes which are filled with something unknown.

"I..i'm just not in mood, that's it" ishan lied once again.

Making Shubman let out hurt and shallow chuckle. Is Ishan start feeling bored of him?, no ishan is not that kind of person, than why he keep hurting Shubman with his actions? Shubman don't know.

"I understand...i'm sorry for just now.." Shubman said, hurt evident on his face and in voice.

" I will be back in a minute " by saying this Shubman dashed out from there.

Only if he had stayed a bit longer, he would have heard a heart wrenching sob escaping from Ishan's trembling lips.

Ishan stare at the door with tear filled eyes and covered his mouth to suppress his sobs.

"I'm sorry...i'm really sorry shub.." ishan cried pathetically and miserably.

Meanwhile on the rooftop, Shubman slammed closed the door with force before tugging his hair in frustration.

His eyes were red because of holding his tears back.

"Aghhhh...why...why are you hurting me ish...why dammit.." Shubman screamed at the top of his lungs while kicking the near wall.

Just now, when ishan pulled away from him, he felt like ishan don't want him anymore, like ishan will abandon him, this mere thought made him feel like dying a thousand times.

This feeling was so foreign to him. It was like something crushed his heart mercilessly, leaving him lifeless.

And finally he let his tears fall as slided down, leaning his back against wall, he put his head on his knees while sobbing silently.

"Please just don't abandon me ish...or else i will goCrazy..." Shubman muttered to himself, his voice was filled with vulnerability, like a kid who don't want to leave his favourite toy....Whole day went by just like that and Night falls. By now Everyone can gusse that something is definitely wrong with their youngest couple of team.

There is cold aura around Shubman, just like his first day in this team, and on the other, hand ishan also seems mentally absent.

To lighten the mood and air a bit, hardik suddenly come with cards and bottle filled with yellowish liquid. making everyone look at him.

"Let's play game to enjoy a little...what say?" Hardik asked.

Rohit was about to refuse but kohli nudged him before saying something through his eyes.

Rohit then stare at his youngster before eating  his " no" and agreeing with hardik.

With that some of them sit on the couch while some sit on the carpet of living room roughly making a circle.

"But how to play this game?" Kuldeep raised his question.

"It's simple, I have 11 cards in my hands, containing one king and 1 to 10 numbers card....so I will shuffle these cards and everyone will pick one card...the one who gets king, will say any random number, From one to ten and the one who have that number card will raise their card...and king will ask him or order him to do anything  and if other party refuse it, then they have to drink this lemon juice.."

"And you can't skip first two dares or questions, only after second question we will use lemon juice to avoid the questions or dares..."

Hardik explained the rules of the game while show them that bottle of juice.

( a/n: I used to play this game with my cousin so that's why decided to use it here..)

Everyone stare at the bottle in hardik's hand, and already felt their tongue sour. They didn't even asked about how he managed to squeeze that much lemon juice, they are used to hardik's wierd antics.

"Okay so let's start..."

Saying that, hardik shuffled the cards thoroughly and sign members to pick one by one, all of them did what they were told and picked the cards.

"So who got king?" Virat asked after checking his own card.

Siraj raised his hand, saying it's him.

"Alright....number 8?."  Siraj called, eyes scaning the circle of members.

"Umm, mine is 8...ask whatever you want to ask" replied said while sighing.

Siraj clapped his hand excitedly, as his eyes shone with mischief, giving shivers to sami.

"Show us some dance skills of yours, and remember you can't refuse.." Siraj said.

Everyone start cheering and hooting encouraging sami. Hardik and virat share a look when they saw ishan and Shubman smiling and enjoying with others, looks like it was worth.

Sami cried at his unlucky fate before standing up on his place, bumrah turn on the music in his phone and sami start dancing Weirdly making other laugh.

After dancing for few minutes, sami immediately sit back and tell them run an another round.

On second round, kl rahul was king, and he choose number 3.

"It's me bhaiya... Please show some mercy bhaiya..." Ishan pleaded to kl rahul as he don't want to do wierd things.

"So...did you had any crush before?" Kl rahul asked.

Everyone eagerly waited for his answer, Shubman who was quite this whole time, now his eyes were also staring at him.

Ishan can feel Shubman's burning graze on himself,

"I had, in middle school, she was my class monitor, but it was just kid crush...nothing much.." Ishan replied truthfully.

Everyone nodded before start shuffling the cards again for another round. In between all this, Ishan felt Shubman leaning close to him, he subconsciously held his breath.

"She must be pretty " Shubman spat indifferently in ishan's ear, jealousy dripping from his tone.

Ishan clenched his fist tightly, and didn't replied anything, focusing back to game. Shubman also wasn't expecting a reply, so he also shifted his attention back to game.

After playing for 20 minutes, ishan was feeling thirsty, so he excused himself and start walking towards kitchen.

At the same moment, virat who was king this time, randomly choose number 7 which happened to be Shubman's card.

"Go ahead... But please not wierd things.." Shubman said to virat.

" fine I took pity on you...I will ask something simple, what's the best thing that happened to you ever..." Virat asked him.

Ishan stopped in midway as he heard virat's question, he really want to know what will be Shubman's answer, thinking like that he stood few steps away from kitchen, back facing the group.

Soon he heard Shubman's reply, his tone didn't held even a slightest hesitation.

"Cricket..." This was Shubman's answer.

And it was like all doubts disappeared from ishan's heart, now he know what to do, although doing that will break his heart and him but it's for best. Thinking like this he hurriedly went inside kitchen while rubbing his eyes to suppress the tears from falling.

Only if he had stayed a bit longer.

"Because it was cricket through which i met ishan, the love of my life. And now he is the best thing that happened to me..." Shubman continued with small smile on his lips.

Everyone stare at him, and shook their heads before chuckling.

"I'm not even surprised anymore...you are a gone case shubi.." Virat let out, with exaggerating sigh.

Shubman nodded and they continued the game, Shubman turn around and saw ishan still haven't returned, just when he was about to go and check on him, he saw ishan coming back.

Shubman become worried when he saw Ishan's a little red eyes.

Ishan gave him a small smile, when noticed his worried glaze before sitting beside him.

"What happened to your eyes? Why it's red?" Shubman whispered worriedly.

"Something got in my eyes, I rubbed it so it turned red i guess..." Ishan replied, lying for nth time.

Shubman didn't replied and just nodded in understanding. It's like if he will ask, ishan will tell him truth, so Shubman just gave up.

Shubman was totally unaware about the upcoming storm in his life, which will turn his live up and down.

______________________________________

Note:

Actually i wanted to update in morning as always but didn't get time so, here the update.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

Happy belated Valentine's day to all ofYou ❤️🥀

see you soon in next update.