Chapter - 23
============

Author's POV**************

ICT apartment was filled with laughter and giggles. Whole team was busy having fun, suddenly rohit got a call so he had to excuse him and went to side, to attend the call.

Others continued the game while waiting for him to finish the call.

Soon He returned after finishing the call. He has a brilliant and dazzling smile on his, almost blinding everyone.

Rohit happily skipped towards them before taking his previous seat.

"Who was it? Your smile is as bright as sun...did you won a lottery or something?" Virat asked while raising an eyebrow at him

Other also nodded in agreement as they also want to know about the reason behind his smile.

"Far best from winning some lottery. Actually it was rahul sir, and guess what, he gave us 10 days off to go our homes before asia cup start..." Rohit drop the bomb, good one.

Everyone exclaimed happily finally ten days away from hellish practice. They are really thankful of rahul dravid for his thoughtfulness.

Everyone was happy but someone was happier, it's was our captain rohit.

"You seems far more excited than anyone else why?" Virat asked as it's unusual.

"10 days away from these bunch of idiots, it like a heaven for me. Finally some time away from all these chaotic brats,so ofcourse i'm on cloud nine.."

Hearing Rohit's merciless reply, everyone gave him an offended look, feeling wronged by him, which ofcourse rohit ignored.

"We all are leaving tomorrow itself, so now stop playing and go pack your bags,-" suddenly ishan,who was silent till now, raised hand stopping rohit in midway,

"Bhaiya can I leave a little later, like in noon, I actually have some work.." Ishan asked.

Shubman frowned a little at that but decided not to say anything.

"Sure, no problem..." Rohit replied, earning a nod from ishan.

And with that game come to an end, as everyone made their way towards their respective rooms.

Ishan and Shubman returned to their room. They hurriedly started doing their packing, Ishan become busy with folding his clothes.

While shubman was having hard time in packing, it's really not his cup of tea. Ishan noticed this and sighed before walking to him.

"Go and wash up...i will do it for you because if you keep doing it like this, I believe it will take whole night to finish your packing..." Ishan said while Snatching the tshirt from Shubman's hand.

Ishan was expecting some teasing from Shubman as other always do, calling him good wife and all,

But this time he only heard one word from Shubman's mouth.

"Thanks.."

After saying this Shubman took a towel from side before going inside bathroom to wash up.

"Maybe this for good..." Ishan chuckled bitterly to himself as he stare at the bathroom door.

After 40 minutes, ishan was done with their packing, Shubman was already laying on the other side of bed.

Ishan wash up and headed directly to their bed. There was unusual silence between them, no one talk or said anything.

Ishan closed his eyes, trying to get some sleep, feeling mentally drained. But he didn't get any sleep as he was used to sleep while hugging Shubman. he keep changing his posture, restlessly.

Suddenly his movements stopped, when he felt Shubman removing space between them and securing him in his arms, back hugging him.

(Something like this)

"Get some Sleep ish..." Shubman mumbled softly over ishan's head, pulling him more close before placing a kiss on his hair.

And ishan immediately felt himself relaxing in Shubman's arms, he always feel peace in those arms, he want to be selfish for last time, with that thought, Ishan pressed him back more against his chest and just like that, within few minutes he fell asleep.

But Shubman was far away from falling sleep, he keep staring at wall blankly, not knowing what's going on in his life.

It's like he is running in circles aimlessly. He keep getting a feeling like ishan is slipping through his fingers like sand.

Suddenly ishan's phone dinged, indicating new message, breaking Shubman's daze.

He looked at ishan who is already in deep slumber before reaching slowly for his phone to check the sender.

It's quite late, so who it can be?

He easily opened the phone as ishan don't like putting lock on phone before checking the notification.

But his whole being turn dead cold when he saw the sender and text. The expressions on his face turn frostier than a wintry cloudy night.

"Ishan, you have to make your mind fast ,you only have few days remaining. please break up with Shubman, it's the only way to save the career of both of you..."-text from prithvi ( manager)

He tightly clenched the phone in his hand, as if wanting to crush it with hands. His whole aura turn chilling and dark.

Every cell of his body was raging with the urge to destroy something.

It only took few seconds before everything start making sense to Shubman, now he understand why ishan was behaving like that and kept pushing him away.

So it turn out that somehow their team manager has got to know about their relationship.

He clenched his jaw in anger. How can prithvi become this petty to manipulate ishan?

His dark eyes, which are now looking not less then a deadly abyss, turn to stare at the male in arms.

"So this is it.." He said while gritting his teeth, feeling furious.

" this whole time you were thinking about breaking up with me? Do I mean this less to you? " Shubman mumbled in a empty voice. His eyes turn teary at this conclusion.

Then Shubman put the phone away, like nothing happened. His hold around ishan tightened as if afraid that other will disappear.

His hands keep shaking while wrapped around ishan's frame.

Suddenly Shubman let out a dark chuckle, his eyes flashing with dangerous glint. It was like something snapped inside him, he was looking a total different person.

" I had already warned you to not test me and my patience but you decided otherwise. You want to play right, then let's play....I will show you who's is the real master of this game..."

Shubman said in a foreign voice, his eyes were filled with madness.

Ishan slept peacefully in his lover's arms, totally oblivious to all this. Shubman then pulled ishan impossibly close to his body.

"This is where you belong jaan, in my arms. And oh our dear manager, you did so wrong, now you will see how truly evil i can be...you messed with my precious, now get ready to bear the consequences..."

Shubman chuckled evilly, his smile was enough to give lifetime nightmare to someone.

"Have a great sleep jaan, you are not going to get away from me not now, not ever..."

Shubman uttered before gently kissing ishan's neck and closed his eyes to get some sleep as well....Next morning, when ishan woke up Shubman was not by his side, on bed.

Shubman must be downstairs, thinking like this, ishan get up and habitually reached for his phone to check time, it was 8:15 A.M.

(A/n: I have the same habit, so why not?)

He saw the notification of new message and opened the message, before sighing brokenly as he read the text send by prithvi.

But now that he had already made his mind then, what's the point of delaying it.

Ishan took a deep breath before typing a reply to prithvi with his shaking fingers.

"Let's meet at sunrise cafe at 12 pm, i want to talk about something before saying my decision..." -text sent by ishan.

After doing this, ishan put the phone away and went inside bathroom to take shower.

Just when he went inside, Shubman walked inside room as if he knew ishan would in shower right now.

He directly went to bedside table and took ishan's phone before opening the messages.

"So this is the work you have..." Shubman sneered when he read ishan's text.

He saw cafe name, before smirking devilishly. He then put the phone back and leaving the room like he was never there in first place.

Ishan come out with a towel rubbing his hair. He frowned as he scanned the room.

"Why did I felt like i heard door opening? Was I hallucinating?" Ishan mumbled to himself.

Not dwelling much on it, ishan get ready before heading downstairs to greet other members.

"Good morning guys..." Ishan said while entering living room.

Everything greeted him back,and just like he has guessed Shubman was also with others.

"Let's have breakfast...i'm starving here.." Shreyas whined, while rubbing his tummy. Earning chuckle from members.

Everyone headed to dining table and took their respective seats before start enjoying their breakfast.

"Umm yeah all of us have early flights except you ishu...your flight time is 2 P.M...i hope you all already done with your packing..." Suddenly rohit informed everyone as he was the one who booked the flights.

Everyone including Ishan let out a sound of acknowledgement.

"Leave about them, you just make sure that this time you don't forget anything.... Please double check your passport before anything else...i'm begging you.." Virat said, having enough of other's forgetfulness.

Upon hearing him, rohit immediately pouted, making everyone present there chuckle.

"Yeah yeah...whatever" rohit replied while rolling his eyes at virat.

Virat just shook his head before everyone resumed their meal.

Now it's time for Everyone except Ishan to leave for airport, all of them are standing at entrance with their luggage. Ishan was also their as he want see off them.

Soon the bus sent by management arrived and all of them start putting their luggage inside.

Ishan then one by one hugged all of them with a smile.

"I Will miss you all..." Ishan said while looking a little emotional.

Everyone cooed at him.

"Stop pretending, I know you only going to miss your boyfriend..." Virat teased him to divert ishan's mind.

Shubman just look at ishan, wondering does other even miss him? He don't know.

"You are so mean bhaiya..." Ishan whined while sniffing a little.

Everyone did a group hug before getting inside bus one by one.

Shubman was still angry at ishan after knowing all that ,that's why without hugging or anything he just get inside bus.

As he was the last one to enter, no one noticed his unusual behaviour.

To say ishan was hurt because of Shubman's action, would be understandable. But again, he was the one who pushed other away first, maybe he deserve this cold treatment.

Ishan keep staring at Shubman while standing in same position, as other was sitting on window side, not looking back at him.

With in few minutes, bus started and exited the entrance. Shubman closed his eyes but immediately opened them when ishan's dejected look from earlier fleshes before his eyes.

"Fuck it!!" He cursed under his breath.

And Just when bus reached only little away from main gate, Shubman suddenly get up from his seat,

"Stop the bus!!" He shouted, startling other members.

As driver stopped the bus, Shubman hurriedly jumped down from the bus before running back towards main gate.

"What happened to him suddenly?" Rohit asked in bewilderment.

"Iike hell we know what goes inside his head.." Virat sighed as he replied.

Ishan, who was about to enter the apartment, stopped midway when he heard a very familiar voice shouting his name

" ISH!!..."

Ishan turn around, only to find Shubman running towards him in full speed, ishan frowned in confusion.

With in few seconds Shubman was infront of ishan and before ishan could ask anything or process anything, Shubman gripped the back of his neck before smashing his lips against ishan's.

At first ishan was stunned but soon he kissed other back, Shubman keep nibbling and sucking ishan's lips urgently, ishan didn't stopped him.

After kissing like that for almost 2 minutes, Shubman break the kiss and cupped ishan's face in his palms.

"We will meet soon..." Shubman let out as he stare at ishan meaningfully. There was a subtle change in his tone as he let out those words.

Ishan ,who thought it was just a normal parting words, nodded with a heavy heart. Only god knows if he ever able to be this close to Shubman again.

"I'm going then...others are waiting in bus, I love you ish, always remember that.." Shubman said while pecking ishan's lips once again.

And without waiting for ishan's reply Shubman run away from there, while waving at him.

"I love you too shub..." Ishan waved back as his eyes turn teary.

After 1 hr, Shubman with other members arrived at airport. And from there all of them parted their ways as they have different flights.

"Give me a call once you all reach your homes..." Rohit said to his team members.

Everyone nodded and left to their specific flight area.

Shubman was the going Punjab as currently his family is in punjab. But instead of going towards password checking area, he dragged his luggage to back side exit of airport while tearing his ticket with teeth.

He took a taxi before leaving to a specific place. After 45 minutes of ride, he finally reached his destination.

Shubman get down from taxi, payed the money before walking inside the house, which was infront of him with his luggage, while whistling a wierd tone....On road,prithvi was driving towards sunrise cafe where ishan called him for meet up.

He let out a annoyed and irritated sigh as his phone keep ringing without stopping for even a second, giving headache to him.

Finally he decided to pick the call while driving with one hand but a frown appeared on his face when he saw the unknown number.

First he decided to ignore the call, thinking it might be spam but on second thought he received the call, because what if it's something work related.

"Hello,it's prithvi...who is it?" Prithvi asked while pressing the call against his ear.

other side was dead silent.

"Hello, can you hear my voice?" Prithvi asked again when he didn't get any reply.

"Hello...hello?" Even after trying for many times he didn't hear anything from other side.

"The fuck? If you want to prank, go prank someone else...bunch of useless idi-ahhhhh"

As he was busy cursing over phone, he didn't notice a car coming in his direction with speed before crashing against his car.

Other car didn't suffer much damage compare to Prithvi's car and hurriedly flee from there, not wanting to be caught.

Prithvi's head pumped harshly into steering wheel as his head start bleeding badly. The phone from his hand slipped down as he lost his conscious.

After few minutes of silence in car, a chilly and dark voice sounded from other side of call, the voice was filled with fake pity.

"That's why it is said not to use phone while driving, otherwise a accident may happen..."

And with that the call ended.

Rushing sounds of people towards the car and sound of ambulance can be heard soon._______________________________________Note:

Here is the new update. I hope it's upto everyone's expectation.

Please share your views on the chapter and vote for it if you like it.

See you soon in next updateStay healthy and happy till then ❤️ .