Chapter - 24
============

Author's POV**************

There was pin drop silence in living room of abhishek's house. Not even a single sound can be heard there.

Abhishek, keep staring at the man infront of him, with a pale face. His face was looking like, he just lost his soul.

Shubman who was busy breaking the sim card, saw his paled face and decided to break his daze.

"Hello? Did your soul still haven't returned? Are you even alive?" Shubman asked while clicking fingers infront of dazed man.

Only then abhishek's face gain some colours. He stare at Shubman with wide eyes before howling loudly like a mad person.

" What the fuck!!...what the fuck just I heard?? That loud sound was so frightening, enough to give life time scare to someone!!"

Thank god he lives alone otherwise other would have thought that he had gone crazy.

Actually after leaving from airport, Shubman directly come to abhishek's house and explained everything to him.

Abhishek was really shocked but he had never thought that Shubman will go to this extent, to threaten someone's life.

Shubman just shot him an unimpressed look before shrugging,

"Tone it down, will you? And stop exaggerating..." Shubman said while taking a apple and fruit knife from front table before cutting it slowly.

To which abhishek stare at him like other has grown two heads.

"I'm exaggerating? Bro you just caused your own team manager's accident!! What...what if he died?" Abhishek's words waver a little in end.

"He won't, i'm not that cruel okay? He should be fine after 10 to 15 admission in hospital...I just wanted him to know my pain...few days of hospitalization should be enough.." Shubman replied like he is talking about something casual.

"Hiring people to cause someone's accident, is not being cruel?....who are you? Where is Shubman? You can't be him...I know he was foul mouthed, short tempered, a total asshole with me but he was never a criminal!!..."

Abhishek asked,thinking other is definitely possessed, because a normal people can never talk like this.

"Stop damaging my ears with your shrill voice... And sit back to your place,.." Shubman replied feeling irritated.

Abhishek was still not over with that shock but nonetheless, he sit back on the opposite couch. He took few deep breathes before looking at Shubman, who was busy eating apple.

"What if ishan got to know about this? Do you think he will still love you? What if he leave you-"

abhishek's words come to halt when Shubman suddenly pointed the fruit knife towards him, while glaring fiercely at him.

"What did you just say?" Shubman asked, gritting his teeth.

Only then abhishek realised that he had stepped into a forbidden territory and blurted out something he shouldn't have.

As quietly as frightened mouse, abhishek backed away a little,

"You..you clearly heard it.." Abhishek replied,feeling scared.

"And you clearly don't want to take the risk of saying it again..." Shubman said while clicking his tongue.

"Whatever, now please put that fruit knife away...it's for cutting fruits not my neck..." Abhishek replied while pointing at knife.

Shubman tched at him before placing the knife away and checked the time.

"It's time...go you already know what to do, I have already send you the location.." Shubman said to him.

Interpreting the meaning behind Shubman's words, abhishek nodded but he was looking damn nervous as his palms turn sweaty.

"As you know this is my first time doing something like this, so what if i made any mistake?" Abhishek asked carefully.

Shubman stopped eating apple for a second before picking the knife once again and running his finger at it, he then stare at abhishek who gulped.

"Then, don't know about prithvi but i will surely kill you..." Shubman replied while giving a sickening smile to him.

Abhishek immediately get up and start rubbing his arms to calm the goosebumps,

"Don't worry...There won't be any mistake, I have watched it in so many movies,so rest assured..." Abhishek replied hurriedly.

Shubman gave him a dimple smile, if it was other time abhishek who have find him handsome but right now he is looking nothing less than a blood thirsty demon.

"Good for you.." Shubman replied,

"I'm going then.."

Having said that, abhishek didn't even wait for Shubman's reply before hurriedly walking towards exit.

"Love is indeed deadly feeling, it can drive even a nice person to madness, take Shubman as example... Tch tch.."

Abhishek shook his head in pity and mentally take a note to never fall in love with anyone.

With these thoughts, he exited the house, going to do whatever Shubman has told him.

After 15 minutes, Shubman also get up and took his luggage before walking out from house. He then locked the door and hide the key behind a pot.

"Let's go, I also need to reach somewhere..." Shubman muttered to himself and left from there....At sunrise cafe,Ishan keep looking at entrance door, waiting for prithvi. It's already 12:30 PM but other is still nowhere in sight.

He took out his phone and called other but prithvi didn't received it making ishan sigh.

After waiting for more 15 minutes, Ishan finally had enough. He can't stay here forever waiting other, he need to go back to apartment as his flight is at 2 pm.

So without any further delay, ishan exited the cafe.

He was going towards his car, which was parked in parking area of cafe, but suddenly he felt as something is wrong, like someone is following him and before he could turn around to check, a hand come and covered his mouth.

Ishan start struggling as his eyes widened in fear. Another two men come and lifted him before hurriedly putting him inside a car, taking him god knows where.

There was three man in car including driver, ishan keep shouting at them, surprisingly they didn't made him unconscious or tape his mouth.

he really wonder where is police when people needed them most?

"Who are you guys?! And what are you guys doing? Leave me this instant, you fuckers!!.." Ishan shouted at them.

When the man who was driving turn around, ishan had to admit other look too decent to be a kidnapper.

"We will move to introduction part later and about second question, congratulations we are here to kidnap you...bhabhi..." The man replied with smile.

What in the star plus, is this? Kidnapping really?! He don't think he had offended anyone from underworld, then what's all this?

Although ishan found it odd when that man referred him as "bhabhi", and just when was about to say something, that man spoke again,

"And you two, what are you waiting for...make him unconscious already!.." That man said while looking at other two men.

"Sorry, it's our first time doing this, so kind of forget it.." One of them said while scratching his nape awkwardly,

"Whatever...." That man replied with a done tone.

Then One of them then sprayed chloroform on handkerchief and forcefully put it on ishan's nose.

Ishan immediately start struggling, throwing his hand and legs, here and there in panic, his eyes turn teary because feeling scared and helpless.

He closed his tightly as tears rolled down from his ears, a smiling face for Shubman flashed before his eyes.

"Shub..." That was his last word before he finally lose his consciousness.

"Make him lay gently on the back seat and both of you get down from car,I will handle it from here...and thankyou so much for today guys..." That man said while stopping the car on road side.

Other two nodded and did what they were told before getting down from car.

"Mention not abhi, after all what are friends for... By the way bhabhi is so pretty, shubman has good eyes..." One of them commented while chuckling.

And abhishek have to agree with his words. Ishan is indeed very beautiful, abhishek just don't know what sin ishan had committed in his past life to fall in love with his devil like bestfriend.

"One is walking red flag while other one is dora the explorer, a total blind...a pair of total chaos"Abhishek thought mentally and shook his head.

They bid their goodbyes before abhishek started the car once again, leaving towards the location sent by Shubman, knowing other is also waiting for them there.

"Its crazy what you do for friendship!! shubman better treat me nicely from now on, I have taken this much risk just for him..."

Abhishek thought while looking at an unconscious ishan, through front car mirror....God knows after how long, ishan regained his consciousness. He slowly opened his eyes, only to find his surrounding all dark.

At first he was still a little muddled headed, before everything hit him like a truck.

Right, few people from out of nowhere come and kidnapped him!!

Ishan hurriedly get up and surprisingly instead of being tied up on chair or something like that, he was laying on a big and comfy bed.

Where is this place? And why it is so dark here? Not even a single source of light was present in room.

"LET ME GO!! WHO ARE YOU GUYS?! WHAT WRONG HAVE I DONE TO YOU ALL? Please-please let me go...." Ishan shouted but his voice cracked at end as tears welled up in his eyes.

He never felt this much helpless before, he don't even know how to escape from this unexpected situation.

He don't know if others even now about his disappearance, but how will they know, all of them would be in plane right now.

Just when he was lost in thoughts, he heard someone saying,

"I didn't make you mine, just to leave you this easily...."

Ishan snapped his neck in direction of voice and saw someone sitting on the chair in dark.

( like this )

Ishan don't need to saw other's face, he can tell who other is. he know this voice like a back of his hand. It's the same voice he used to hear every day.

"S-shub?" Ishan let out as his lips trembled.

When his word fell, the light of room turned on, giving ishan clear view of Shubman sitting there while crossing his legs, looking at him with a smile more like a smirk.

"Didn't I told you that we will meet soon? So here we are...missed me?" Shubman asked while walking towards ishan.

Ishan was beyond shocked, shouldn't Shubman have been in plane, then why he is here?

"Why are you here instead of airport...why did you brought me here like this? And where is this place?" Ishan asked, he don't know what but something is amiss about Shubman's behaviour.

Shubman's expression changed for a swift second before smiling once again. He sit on the bed.

"This is my house, remember when i brought you here for first time, you didn't wanted to leave from here..." Shubman replied ignoring his other two questions. He chuckled a little upon remembering that day.

But that chuckle made ishan shiver, something is definitely wrong with Shubman' aura today. Ishan composed himself before staring at Shubman.

"I asked you, instead of going back to punjab what are you doing here? And what's the meaning of all this..." Ishan asked once again, a little impatiently.

Shubman's smile fall off. His expressions darkened, the temperature of room fall by few degrees, giving chills to ishan.

"Why? Did i spoiled your plan of breaking up with me? Hmm baby tell me?" Shubman's dark and intimidating voice echoed in the room.

Ishan immediately turn stiff when he heard Shubman, it was as his mind stop working for a good minute. his eyes widened at being exposed.

How does Shubman even got to know about this?

As if Shubman heard his question, other replied, with dark chuckle,

" How I find it out doesn't matter, what matter is how dare you even think about leaving me? HOW DARE YOU ISH?!" Shubman shouted in rage filled voice, startling ishan.

Now that Shubman already knows about it, it's better to get over with it right now, atleast it will hurt a little less when Shubman start hating him so, ishan stoned his heart and let out those merciless words which will break his own heart, beyond repair.

"Now that you already know, yes i want break up...I fell out of love, I don't love you anymore....now let me go!! We are ov-"

Ishan's words come to an halt when, Shubman aggressively pulled ishan towards himself, staring at him with his blood shot eyes.

"I Dare you complete that sentence sweetheart... Believe me you will regret is so bad...You and me can never be over, NEVER!!" Shubman husked calmly but his eyes were holding back raging flames. His grip tightened around ishan.

Ishan gulped feeling scared, it was like deja vu, just like his birthday night incident. This time too, Shubman seems totally different person. He wasn't that sweet and gentle but an aggressive person.

"Leave me...you can't force me like this to stay with you. I don't love you anymore. Leave me i want to go home!!"

Ishan keep telling lies after lies, while struggling to free himself from Shubman's hold but other only tightened his hold more.

"I AM YOUR FUCKING HOME, DAMMIT!!...fate made you for me, only me ish.." Shubman screamed, feeling himself losing control in anger.

"I'm not yours!! And I don't love you, why don't you understand?" Ishan shouted back at him, as tears start falling from his eyes.

"You are! And you can't deny it.... And about not loving me, it's okay my love is enough for us, you know if I were a good man, I would have let you go....but i'm not!!, i'm selfish I take whatever I want and i want you..." Shubman shouted, staring direct into ishan's soul.

Suddenly ishan realise something, his face turn pale, he even stopped struggling.

"You...you are-" ishan really don't want to complete this sentence.

But Shubman did.

"Obsessed? call it obsession, foolishness or Fucking madness, I don't care because either way you are mine!!"

Ishan was lost, his mind went blank as he stare Shubman in bewilderment. Not knowing how to react to this revelation.

Shubman put his face in ishan's neck, sniffing his natural scent to calm his anger but as ishan was still in shock, he flinched at Shubman's action.

And the next moment, Shubman's teeth sink in his neck, biting there harshly, making ishan let out a yelp of pain.

"Never flinch at my touch, got it jaan?" Shubman asked darkly.

"Y-yes..." Ishan replied weakly.

Shubman then pulled away from ishan,this time Shubman didn't had that scary aura,he cupped ishan's face.

"You stole my heart and invaded my mind, feeling it with the fantasies, I craved and it was all going good too but you had ruin everything. Why did you listen to that prithvi and not me? Was I not good enough for you?, Believe me when i got to know about you leaving me, it shedded my heart into tiny pieces...was it fun to play with me and my feelings?"

Shubman's voice was filled with sadness and vulnerability, tears trailed down from his eyes.

Ishan closed his eyes, he can't bring himself to see Shubman in that broken state, it's killing him from inside. He Never knew love can bring this much pain upon someone.

Get silence from Ishan, Shubman let out a sarcastic laugh.

"But don't worry, I will not let you play with me like this. You are staying here with me, until you fall for me again..." Shubman said while wiping his tear messily.

Ishan quickly opened his eyes at that. No he cant stay here, because he know he will breakdown infront of Shubman. It won't take much time for Shubman to see through his pretense.

Thinking like this, ishan gathered his all strength and pushed Shubman away harshly before running towards door.

Although it caught Shubman off guard, he still hurriedly composed himself and run to ishan before picking ishan up over his shoulder and throwing him harshly on bed before hovering over him completely.

He pinned ishan's both hand above his head before leaning close to the struggling male's face.

"Don't force me to tie you up against this bed jaan, because believe me i can do that...so lay here like good boy and don't cause trouble..." Shubman said darkly.

"You...you are crazy!!" Ishan shouted at him.

Shubman smiled at that, before kissing ishan on his lips. He bit on corner of his lower lip before pulling away.

" yes i am crazy, but on reality aren't we all? Maybe I have driven to the paths of madness but remember that it was always you who led me there, and you have take your part of guilt for that.."

Shubman replied with a innocent smile, making ishan shudder.

At this moment ishan realised, that he had chosen a mess, and this mess can't live without him and he also can't live without this mess.

It's crazy how love works, so scary yet so tempting.

______________________________________

Note:

Longest chapter of this book, i'm sorry if anyone of you find it boring.

I don't know how this chapter turn this long, hehe. This whole chapter is filled with dark Shubman.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

See you soon in next update.