Chapter - 25
============

Author's POV**************

For some reasons, ishan didn't protested or struggled after Shubman's words. Shubman then left the room,afraid of doing something which he will regret later, but not before locking the door.

Ishan curled himself in a ball and start sobbing silently.

"Why everything is getting messier? Why can't I live happily with Shubman? Why god why?" Ishan screamed in his mind, but didn't get any answer to his questions.

The sound of his heart wrenching sobs echoed in empty room.

Shubman went directly to spare room before slamming the door with force. He was breathing heavily, his eyes were red, not sure if it was because of crying or anger or maybe both.

"I don't love you anymore..let me go!"

Ishan words from earlier echoed in his head, making Shubman all restless.

And As if something snapped inside him, he start breaking everything in that room.

"Ahhh...why...why...did you say that? How can you say it that easily?" Shubman screamed.

He smashed all the vase and painting on the floor.

After destroying almost everything in that room, Shubman walked to mirror and stare at his current self, with mocking smile.

"Look what your love has done to me, jaan..." Shubman uttered with a chuckle while looking at his messy state.

"I was never like this...and believe me I never wanted to force you this way....,it's just how else was I supposed to stop you from leaving me? You are my whole world, my wife, I always dream to protect you and in return i just wanted you to love me unconditionally, without any ounce of hesitation, is that too mich to ask?...."

Shubman continue talking to himself, while fresh tears rolled down from his eyes.

Suddenly his expression darkened and his eyes lost the trace of softness.

" And it's all because of only one person. Only if he haven't put nonsense in your mind, you wouldn't have thought of leaving me. So in the end i did what was necessary to bring you back in my arms, and I don't feel any shame in admitting that I feel no remorse in that. "

"I know you love me...you love me, my ish love me...I know, he is just scared because of prithvi nothing else...yeah.." Shubman assured himself.

Then he punched the mirror, breaking it. Few small glass particles pierced his knuckles, blood start dripping from his hand, but Shubman didn't payed any mind to it.

Shubman walked to the bed and sit there whole staring at his bloody hand, then suddenly his phone ringed. He saw it's from rohit so he picked the call.

In all this he had forgotten about calling rohit.

"Hello bhaiya..." Shubman tried his best to sound as normal as he can.

"Did you reached home?" Rohit asked over the call.

"Yes...finally i'mhome" Shubman replied meaningfully.

"Good, say hello to your family for me and did you talk with ishan?, his phone is switched off I can't reach him.." Rohit said.

Shubman took out ishan's phone from his side pocket which he, himself switched off and replied,

"Yeah bhaiya...he must be in plane right now, his phone had low battery, that's why it's switched off I guess..." Shubman replied calmly, playing with ishan's phone with his wounded hand.

Rohit made a sound of acknowledgement. Both of them talked about few things, before rohit ended the call.

"Sorry bhaiya for lying to you..." Shubman mumbled while staring at his phone screen....Ishan was staring at wall with blank look, his eyed were swollen because of crying too much.

He heard  door of room opening. He didn't turn around as he already know who is at door. Soon sound of footsteps approached the bed before stopping.

"Get up ish...and eat something, you must be hungry...."

Ishan heard Shubman saying.

"I'm not hungry!" Ishan rejected, without looking at other.

Shubman sighed at other's stubbornness before placing the food plate on side table. He sit on the bed and gently held others arm, shaking it.

"Please ish...you are upset with me but dont take out your anger on food, your stomach will start paining if you didn't eat something... Please..." Shubman gently pleaded.

"Oh please stop pretending like you care about me...because if you really cared for me, then you wouldn't have forced me to stay with you like this..."

Ishan controlled his cracking voice and tears before replying coldly.

Ishan's cold voice was breaking Shubman's heart, but he don't mind as long as he can wake up to ishan's face every morning, he is ready to endure anything.

"Baby..please, don't be stubborn..." Shubman tried once again.

As ishan was already mentally and physically disturbed, in frustration he jerked away Shubman's hand with force, making Shubman lost balance as he was sitting on edge.

To stop himself from falling, Shubman used his wounded hand to support his body but ended up yelping in pain as his wound opened again and blood start oozing out from it.

Ishan quickly turn around when heard Shubman's pained voice and get up to check Shubman, only to let out a startled gasp when he saw shubman's wounded hand.

He hurriedly grabbed Shubman's wounded hand in his hands as a sob escaped from his lips.

"Ahh..." Shubman hissed a little when unintentionally ishan tugged his hand  a little hardly.

"Sorry...i'm really sorry!! How did this happened? And why haven't you treated it yet?" Ishan asked worriedly, the wound was looking deep.

To which Shubman just stare at the worried male and replied,

"None of your business....my wound and pain shouldn't bother someone, who feel nothing for me...and it's nothing serious,.." Shubman replied without any emotions, and pulled his hand away.

Ishan stare at him in disbelief with his teary eyes.

"How can you say it's nothing serious, when wound is this big and deep?! Where is first aid box...let me treat it.."

Ishan then get up hurriedly and was about to look for first aid box in drawers but Shubman held his hand stopping him.

"Why are you so worried for me? Is it paining you too? But that shouldn't be the case, as you didn't thought twice before breaking my heart then what's this small pain...right?"  Shubman said mockingly, eyes filled with hurt and sadness.

Shubman's every taunting words pierced ishan's already wounded heart but it's not like he can blame other for it.

"Just..because I don't love you, doesn't mean i can see you in pain..." Ishan replied, his heart bleed every time, he says that he don't love Shubman.

Shubman pulled ishan closed to his chest with his well hand, bending a little to look in ishan's eyes.

"You are worried about this pain but what about my heart ish? It's paining like hell, I can't breath properly because of this intense pain...can you treat it too?" Shubman asked in a broken voice.

"Please...please... Don't say things like this.." Ishan stuttered whole he avoiding Shubman's eyes as his eyes was turning teary once again.

Shubman stare at ishan's face before hiding his face in ishan's nape of neck, when ishan was about to protest, he wrapped well hand around ishan's waist, holding him tightly.

"Please Stop all this baby, please return me back my ish, the one who loves me...." Shubman said desperately against his neck, leaving feathery kisses there.

Ishan felt all this facade cracking at Shubman's desperate and vulnerable plead. Still he tried to gather himself together.

"Please...Shub, leave me, i need to treat your wound " Ishan replied as if he didn't heard shubman's plead.

Shubman pulled away and look at ishan who was still not meeting his eyes. And the next moment he did something unexpected, Shubman kneeled on the floor holding ishan's waist.

"What are you doing... Get up,.." Ishan hurriedly said.

But shubman refused to do so.

"Don't go hard on yourself wifey...your hubby is worried...your husband can't live without you...I will die baby if you leave me...i'm begging you on my knees...Please come back to me, don't torment your hubby anymore please"

Shubman begged while crying loudly, not minding his wounded hand.

At this moment, ishan let his all pretense and facade fall down, and finally his tears fall down from his eyes before kneeling down too and pulling Shubman in a bone crushing hug.

Shubman, who felt ishan's love filled touch after almost a day, buried his face more in ishan's neck, inhaling his scent greedily. Ishan sobbed loudly while holding Shubman close to his chest.

Ishan broke the hug and cupped Shubman's face in his palms before placing kiss on every place of his face.

"I love you *kissing his forehead*....I never stopped loving you *kissing his left eyes*....your wifey only loves you *kissing his right eyes*, really sorry for hurting you *kissing his left cheek*, you don't need to beg for my love, it's all yours *kissing his right cheek*...." Ishan said wetting Shubman's face with his tears.

Shubman finally had a genuine and happy smile on his face, his jaan loves him, he will not leave him, they will stay together just like he had dreamt.

"Wifey is sorry for always causing trouble...I love you hubby, love you the most!!" With that ishan Finally  claimed Shubman's lips in a gentle and pure kiss.

Shubman hurriedly reciprocated the kiss, tasting slight saltiness because of tears, in kiss. This kiss was not rushed or aggressive, it was slow and gentle, filled with love and promises, to never leave each other's side ever again.

After few minutes, Shubman broke the kiss. Both of them have a content smile on his face.

"Promise me baby... Promise me that i never have to worry about you leaving me, again..." Shubman pleaded, looking scared.

Ishan's heart squeezed painfully at it. He leaned forward and kissed Shubman's forehead tenderly, before giving a beautiful teary smile to Shubman.

"I promise shub...never again!!" Ishan replied, without any hesitation.

"Good wifey.." Shubman patted his head while smiling. And pecked on his lips.

"Now get up...and let me treat your wound..."

This time shubman didn't protested and let ishan make him sit on the bed while ishan searched for first aid box in drawers.

Soon he find it and sit infront of Shubman, taking his hand. He start cleaning the blood with gentle hand.

After cleaning the blood and disinfecting the wound, he took ointment before looking at Shubman with worried eyes.

"It will sting a little okay but i will try to apply it gently..." Ishan said.

Shubman smiled and nodded.

Ishan start applying the ointment on the wound while blowing air on it, he was full focused on it while Shubman just stare at ishan with loving eyes.

"Why are looking at me like that?" Although ishan didn't raised his head, he can still feel other's graze on himself.

"Like what?" Shubman asked.

This time ishan looked up at him.

"Like i will disappear..." Ishan replied.

"I will kill my self if you disappear or leave..." Shubman replied eyes filled with all longing.

"I won't..." Ishan replied firmly, before going back to work on Shubman's wound.

He closed the box after Bandaging Shubman's hand and placed the first aid box on bedside table, beside food plate.

"How did you even get hurt in the first place?" Ishan asked, he really wanted to know it, because it's don't look like a normal cut.

Shubman didn't wanted to lie so he started,

"In anger,I punched the mirro-"

Shubman couldn't able to complete his words as ishan cut him off by slapping him, hard while glaring at him fiercely.

Shubman cupped his burning cheek and stare at ishan in disbelief.

"ARE YOU FUCKING NUTS?" Ishan shouted, feeling beyond angry.

And for th first time Shubman felt intimidated by ishan's glare. Now he understand what people mean by "never make your wife angry". He gulped hard, ishan is really angry at him.

" B-Baby..listen.." The Shubman gill start stuttering.

"Don't baby me, Mr. Shubman gill. Why did you do that huh? Can't you control you anger?  Are you forgetting that we have asia cup ahead? What if it was more serious? Tell me " ishan start scolding him.

"I was deeply hurt when you said you don't love me okay?" Shubman sulked at being scolded.

Like they says, even a king bows before his queen. Shubman sulked like a kid while ishan just glared at him more fiercely.

"You are crazy!!" Ishan huffed irritatedly,

Shubman hold his hand and whispered cheekily, near ishan's ear.

"But i'm your crazy..."

"Now come and hug me, suddenly my hand is paining alot..." Shubman said dramatically.

Ishan gave him a look before saying,

"Are you forgetting that i'm mad at you?"

"No, you can be mad at me all you want but in my arms. So come here I need to recover fast, to play aisa cup.." Shubman replied and without waiting for ishan's reply he hugged him tightly.

Ishan also didn't protested, knowing he might accidentally hit Shubman's injured hand.

A peaceful silence falls upon them as both of them stayed in each other's embrace, enjoying each other's warmth.

Finally  both of them are backhome.

______________________________________

Note:

Here is another chapter, as you can by this chapter i don't like Angst much in my stories.

and I wrote it in hurry to there can be mistakes, as i didn't get the time to revise it carefully, sorry for that.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

I'm mean where is the lie, these two couples are cutest 😭😭.

see you soon in next update.