Chapter - 26
============

Author's POV**************

It's been 5 days since everything returned back to normal between ishan and Shubman. Their days are going smoothly and harmoniously.

Ishan is staying with Shubman at his new house. His smile and cheerfulness is back, all because of Shubman.

But right now, the couple seems to indulge in a argument about something.

"I said no means no..." Shubman said sternly.

To which ishan looked at him, feeling wronged by other.

"But i want to...i want to, let me do it or else i will not talk to you..." Ishan protested stubbornly.

"Why don't you understand? What if you got hurt? " shubman asked while frowning,

"I'm not a kid okay? Although it's my first time doing this...but rest assured i will try my best..." Ishan replied with confidence.

"Are you sure? I mean we can still order food online..." Shubman replied, concerned.

He know ishan's clumsy nature. That's why he is hesitating from sending ishan in kitchen. What if he hurted himself? Shubman can't bear a single scratch on his beloved.

"I'm sure...I really want to make something for you,.." Ishan replied.

Shubman let out a defeated sigh before nodding, ishan jumped in happiness and hugged Shubman before pecking Shubman's cheek.

"Thankyou!! You just wait here..."

By saying this ishan was about to go to kitchen but Shubman held his wrist, making ishan look back at him.

"But let me tell you this...if i saw any burn mark  or cut marks on you, then forget that i will ever let you step in kitchen again...am I clear ish?" Shubman asked.

Before Ishan could reply, they heard the doorbell ringing. Ishan and shubman frowned. No one knows about this house of shubman than who it can be?

Wait! Actually someone know about this house, and shubman knows who is it.

"You go and prepare breakfast... I'm going to check the door..." Shubman said, he could guess who is at door.

Ishan nodded and went inside kitchen to prepare breakfast for them.

Shubman then walked to door before opening it. There stood a smiling male waving at him, showing his all teeth as if doing some toothpaste commercial.

Shubman let out an irritating sigh when his guess turned into certainty. It was no one another than Abhishek.

"What are you doing here?" Shubman asked, annoyance visible on his face.

"Please conceal that loud and clear "Get Out"in your expression, it will be appreciated.." Abhishek replied while rolling his eyes.

Before shubman could retort, abhishek pushed him aside and directly went inside, as if it's his own house.

Shubman grunted irritatedly, clearly regretting telling abhishek about this place. He closed the door before following abhishek inside.

"Who is it-Mr.kidnapper?!" Ishan shouted while pointing spatula  at abhishek.

To which abhishek gave him an awkward smile, while scratching the back of his nape.

"Bhabhi...nice to meet you again and my name is abhishek not kidnapper, Shubman's best friend. And about kidnapping part, blame shubman!!" Abhishek replied, not wanting ishan to have bad impression of him.

"So you are abhishek, although first meet was not nice, still nice to meet you too " ishan said while nodding.

Although he want to scold abhishek for kidnapping him but it's because of that kidnapping that now everything is okay between him and Shubman.

"Okay then you guys talk...and abhishek please stay for breakfast..." Ishan said to abhishek.

"NO!!"

"YES!!"

Shubman and abhishek shouted in unison at the same time.

"No? But why shub?" Ishan asked in confusion.

"What do you mean by why? You are cooking for first time, so I want to be the only one to taste it...i won't let him have even a single bite of it..." Shubman said while glaring at abhishek.

Abhishek and ishan stare at Shubman in disbelief.

"You ungrateful bastard...I did so much for you, and you can't even share bhabhi's hand made food with me....don't be so stingy okay?" Abhishek grumbled irritatedly,

"You-" Shubman started but ishan stopped him.

"He is right shub, stop being childish...he is having breakfast with us and it's final " Ishan said firmly.

"Whatever..." Shubman replied while sulking.

Ishan shook his head at other's childishness and gave a nod to abhishek before going back in kitchen.

Shubman throw a glare at abhishek and sit on the couch, abhishek did the same and sit beside Shubman.

But when Shubman gave him a look, abhishek gulped and backed away, creating more space between them.

After 5 minutes of silence, abhishek decided to speak and break the silence.

"The way he talking and laughing with you, i'm guessing he still don't know about prithvi's accident right?"

Shubman nodded with sigh, making abhishek wonder about how can this happen?

So he decided to ask his inner question.

"But how? I mean it's all over the news..."

"He don't like watching news, he never listen or watch news. That's why he don't know..." Shubman replied leaning back on couch.

"....understandable!" Abhishek replied after brief pause.

Both of them again fall in silence....After 30 minutes, ishan was done with breakfast and served them on the dinning table.

"Guys, food is ready.." Ishan called other two.

Shubman and abhishek nodded before walking to table and sitting on their seat.

The food was looking so tasty and mouthwatering. No one can say that it's Ishan's first time cooking by looking at the food.

Ishan start serving food for shubman, who smiled at him,isn't it's giving a perfect marriage life vibe?

After serving him, ishan was about to serve food for abhishek too, but shubman stopped him.

"He have hands...he can serve for himself..." Shubman said while giving a creepy smile to abhishek.

Abhishek immediately shuddered in fear, while ishan frowned.

"Shut up...he is our guest shub.." Ishan gently scolded.

"Uninvited guest.." shubman corrected, earing a glare from ishan.

Abhishek scowl at shubman, cursing shubman for bring ungrateful, in his mind.

"Leave it bhabhi, you sit I can serve food for myself..." Abhishek said and start serving himself.

Ishan took his seat beside Shubman but didn't start eating. He want shubman to taste it first. So he told other to taste it first.

Shubman nodded and took first bite, slowly chewing it before swallowing it.Both abhishek and ishan stare at shubman, waiting for his feedback.

"Hmm...it's good, not bad for first time.." Shubman said calmly,

Ishan smiled happily.

After hearing shubman, without any further delay abhishek also took his first bite,only to froze in next second.

His expression turn unsightly and twisted as he chew on the food.

It's damn salty!! From which angle shubman find it good? It's horrible, almost burnt his tongue.

But ofcourse he cant say these words aloud, don't want to hurt ishan's feelings. He looked at shubman, who is eating the food like it's the best food he ever had.

As if Shubman heard his thought, shubman looked up and glared at him, which means "Dare to say it's bad and you will find yourself 6 feet under in ground", Making abhishek swallow that horrible food.

" yes bhabhi...it's good"just dont make it again.

Abhishek let out and completed the sentence in mind, while giving a smile to ishan.

"Never judge a book by it's cover, i learnt it in a very hard way..." Abhishek cried in his heart, as he keep eating the food.

"Okay then let me have a bite too..." Ishan said excitedly while clapping his hands.

Shubman and abhishek immediately shared at look, ofcourse they can't let ishan eat this horrible food or else it will upset ishan's heart when he will find out that they lied to him.

Ishan was about to take a bite, but got startled when he heard other two shouting,

"STOP!!"

Ishan gave them a wierd look, before asking,

"What?" He let out confusingly.

Abhishek cleared his throat and mentioned Shubman through eyes to say something, to handle this situation.

"Baby...actually you did so much for me. So I also want you make something for you...leave this food, me and abhishek will finish it, after all we loved this food right ?"

Shubman said and looked at abhishek for agreement.

Although abhishek want to shake his head in "no" so bad but met with Shubman's stare, he just nodded "yes" to his death.

"Aww, you are so sweet shub...okay then i will eat the food you will make.." Ishan replied, feeling delighted.

With that, shubman and abhishek somehow finished the all food, under watching eyes of ishan, who felt really happy, knowing they loved his food.

Only if he knew.

"Okay then...I'm taking my leave..."

Abhishek hurriedly said, not wanting to stay there any longer after experiencing the near death situation. And mentally took a note to never come at eating time again.

"No one is stopping you, just leave already..." Shubman replied with a bored tone.

Oh how bad abhishek wants smack shubman hard but ofcourse he can't do it. He gave him a glare and a smile to ishan before taking his leave.

Shubman looked at ishan when he felt a tug on his hand.

"What happened baby?" Shubman asked in a softest voice.

"I'm hungry, make something for me.." Ishan whined while pouting.

Shubman bend a little and kissed that pout away, before replying.

"Stay here...I will be back in 10 minutes..."

Ishan nodded and went to sit on the couch while waiting for shubman.

Exactly after 10 minutes, shubman returned with  fried toast with ketchup.

"Tada...sorry i only know how to make this.." Shubman replied while smiling clumsily.

He placed the plate at table and sit beside ishan.

Ishan chuckled at him before start eating the toast, it's was so yummy making Ishan's eyes sparkle.

"It's so good...i can eat it daily..." Ishan praised.

"Glad you loved it.." Shubman replied and start admiring other.

Ishan was busy in eating that he didn't noticed ketchup at the corner of his lips but shubman did. His heart start itching to lick that  ketchup off ishan's lips.

He given in to his heart desire, and cupped Ishan's face, turning his face to face him before licking the sauce.

Ishan, who got licked out of nowhere, because froze and toast fell from his hand into plate. Shubman taking it as a chance, wrapped his one arm around ishan's waist and lifted him before placing other on his lap.

He then once again claimed ishan's lips and start kissing him thoroughly, tasting every inch of Ishan's warm mouth. Ishan moaned while circling his arms around Shubman's neck.

Shubman's hand slide, slowly slipping inside ishan's shirt, touching and caressing his bare waist.

Ishan moved a little, earning a groan from shubman. Ishan turn embarrassed when he felt Shubman's hard on. Shubman broke the kiss and stare at ishan by hooded eyes.

Ishan stare back at him with needy eyes. It's been a while since they got intimate with each other and ishan is dying to be held in Shubman's arms intimately.

" Make love to me, shub.." Ishan let out while breathing heavily, looking so seductive and alluring.

Shubman stare at the needy look on Ishan's face and he had to admit he had never seen anything, more beautiful and unreal than this.

"You make me ishan jaan..." Shubman uttered hoarsely before flipping ishan. He made ishan lay on the couch before hovering over him and start leaving wet and feathery kisses on his neck.

( like this )

Ishan arched his neck, giving more excess to Shubman. Shubman start sucking on Ishan's sweet spot making ishan moan loudly.

"Keep moaning like this, it's heavenly sound to my ears..." Shubman husked near his ear and bit his earlobe seductively.

And ishan had to obey shubman. He keep moaning helplessly as Shubman's hand start working naughtily on his bare skin, inside his shirt.

Soon their clothes were scattered on the floor here and there as their naked body entangled on the couch.

Shubman's body covered ishan completely beneath him. He stare at ishan who is already looking ruined and mess but a beautiful mess.

"I'm going to enter now..." Shubman said.

And ishan prepared himself Mentally, before nodding. Shubman kissed on his lips and slowly entered his length inside ishan.

Ishan hissed in pain between kiss, no matter how many times they do it, he still can't get used to this. This feeling feel new every single time.

"No matter how many times i enter inside you...You are still so tight.." Shubman groaned when Ishan's inner walls clenched around his length.

Ishan closed his eyes while gritting his teeth to endure the pain, but shubman made him opened his eyes again.

"Don't close your eyes...I want you to look what only i can do to you..." Shubman ordered, earning a shy nod from ishan.

"M-move..." Ishan said after adjusting a little.

Shubman start moving inside and out. It started slow but soon he pick up the pace and start slamming hardly inside ishan's hole, penetrating deep inside ishan.

Ishan's shameless moan resonate in whole living room with loud thrusting sounds. Shubman increased the thrusting speed when he felt that ishan is close to cumming.

After few thrust both of them cummed together. Ishan was busy catching his breath, then suddenly shubman get up and lifted ishan, making ishan wrap his legs around Shubman's bare waist.

"Lets continue in bedroom..." Shubman said and start heading upstairs,

Ishan mentally pitied himself, why did he even said that to shubman, knowing it's bad for himself only but now it's already too late, now he can only surrender to his fate.

Upon reaching their bedroom, shubman hurriedly put ishan on bed and without giving time to ishan, he entered inside ishan's hole once again.

"Ahhh...god.." Ishan moaned loudly.

Shubman start thrusting violently inside his hole, shaking his whole body up and down.

After 30 minutes, shubman finally left ishan, who seems almost unconscious. He glared at shubman with his tired eyes.

"What? Wasn't it was you who seduced me in first place?" Shubman asked while smirking.

Ishan grabbed the a pillow and throw it at shubman with force, hitting his face directly.

"Don't talk to me!!" Ishan huffed.

Shubman put the pillow away and chuckled at other. He then get up and cleaned himself and ishan before laying down on bed and cuddled ishan.

"Take some rest..." Shubman mumbled.

Ishan hummed and snuggled more into Shubman's chest, burying his face in his embrace and closed his eyes to get some rest. Shubman also closed his eyes to rest.

At the same moment, Shubman's phone, that was placed on the bedside table, it's screen flashed with a new message.

"Management has called whole team for urgent meeting, we need to return back before time...let's meet at apartment within 2 days..."-text from Rohit.

______________________________________

Note:

I'm back with another update.

Please share your views on the chapter and vote for it if you like the chapter.

And now there are only few chapters left then this book will come to an end.

So see you soon in next update.Till then keep smiling my dear readers ❤️😘.