Chapter - 27
============

Author's POV**************

Within next two days, whole ICT team returned back to Apartment.

Right now ishan and shubman are in car, yes they are the last one to return back to apartment.

Ishan keep playing with his fingers nervously while tapping his foot inside car, shubman noticed this and placed his left hand on Ishan's thigh and keep driving with right hand.

"Why are you this tensed ish? Believe me it's nothing serious..." Shubman said while drawing gentle circles on Ishan's thigh.

Ishan still keep getting anxious. He placed his hand over Shubman's hand, which was placed on his thigh and looked at shubman.

"But What if prithvi has told upper management about us and that's why they called this sudden meeting?" Ishan asked worriedly,

Shubman stopped the car on road side before looking back at Ishan's worried face.

"Come here, baby..."

Having said that, Shubman pulled ishan on his lap and hugged ishan tightly.

"Calm down okay? And I don't think it's about that matter...there might be some other reason behind this meeting... So stop worrying yourself..."

"But how can you be so sure that it's not about that?" Ishan's meek voiced asked.

Shubman placed a kiss on Ishan's head.

"I just know..." Shubman replied with a dark smirk which, ofcourse ishan didn't see as other has his face pressed agaist Shubman's chest.

Shubman's deep and soothing voice help ishan to feel better. He placed his ear on Shubman's chest,hearing his heartbeat and took a deep breath to calm his restless heart.

"Maybe you are right..." Ishan said slowly.

Ishan then tried to get up from his lap to go back on his seat but shubman held his waist, stopping him from doing so.

Ishan stare at him confusingly.

"Don't... Stay like this..." Shubman said.

"But than how are you going drive with me in your lap?" Ishan asked, not understand it.

Shubman packed Ishan's lips before saying

"Leave that to me...you just stay like this..."

Ishan sighed before nodding, he made himself more comfortable in Shubman's lap, he placed a kiss on Shubman's chest before leaning against it.

Shubman smiled at his action and wrapped his left arm around ishan's waist in a protective manner and start the car while driving it with right hand only.

"Be careful...I don't want to reach hospital instead of Apartment..." Ishan joked.

"Worry not wifey....i will never let anything happen to you..." Shubman replied with chuckle, eyes focused on road.

Ishan let out a "hmm" before snuggling more against Shubman's embrace....Shubman and ishan walked together inside living room with their luggage.Everyone was already in living room, probably waiting for them.

"Hello Everyone..."  Ishan exclaimed loudly before running to members.

He hugged all of them one by one, ishan was literally glowing in energy. Shubman just at the sight with fond smile.

" Woah...you are really something, you still have energy after that long flight?" Surya commented with A chuckle

Ishan stare at him confusingly before asking,

"What flight? I came by ca-"

Before ishan could expose them infront of everyone, shubman hurriedly cut him off in middle.

"YES!! We are so tired because of long flight... Right ish?" Shubman gave him a look.

Only then ishan realised that what he was about blurt out and gave a sorry look to shubman before replying,

"Yes...i'm tired but really missed you all so couldn't able to control my excitement..." Ishan mentally patted himself for not stuttering while lying.

Surya gave them a suspicious look, which shubman and ishan pretended not to see.

"Aww my baby...go freshen up both of you, and come down for meal..."

Mom in virat immediately awaken when he heard ishan. Both of them nodded and went upstairs.

"Why did I felt like ishu was about to say something else but shubman stopped him on purpose ?" Surya asked once both of them were out of his sight.

Shreyas smacked his head, with sigh.

"Stop with your doubts...they just returned...let them have some rest..." Shreyas replied.

"Okay let's just say that i'm being doubtful but how come both of them together?" Surya asked while rubbing his head where shreyas smacked him.

"What's so odd about this? Don't you know how whipped our Shubman is for ishan? He must have waited at airport for him and then both of them came together...." This time virat said while shrugging,

"But-" surya tried to protest,

"SHUT UP SKY!!" Everyone shouted in unison making surya fall silent.

Ishanopened the door of their room and both of them walked inside. Ishan stare at everything. He really missed this room, it's like his second home.

Soon he felt two strong arms circling around his waist from behind. Ishan leaned back on Shubman.

"Missed our this room, although staying at your new house was so good but this room gives beautiful feeling..." Ishan said.

"Hmm...maybe it's because we have spent our almost every beautiful moment here, in this room. This room is proof of our deep love and relationship... It's also from where everything started...." Shubman replied softly.

And ishan couldn't agree more to his words. This room hold all their dear moments, that they spent with each other.

"Let's fresh and up and go downstairs... We can unpack our luggage later..." Shubman said and turned ishan around in his hold.

Ishan nodded and one by one both of them got fresh&up and changed their clothes, into something more comfortable before heading downstairs.

"Oh both of you are here...now sit and eat something..." Rohit said once he saw the couple.

As it's already pass breakfast time, so it was only shubman and ishan who haven't eaten. Both of them took their plate and sit on th couch before starting to eat.

Soon they are done with their meal, now whole team was sitting in silence.

"Bhaiya....when is the meeting?" Shubman asked, breaking the silence.

"Around 1 P.M...." Rohit replied.

Shubman nodded and check the time it was 12 P.M, means they still have one hour before meeting.

"Does...anyone know what's the reason behind this sudden meeting?" Suddenly ishan asked.

Ishan just couldn't clam his mind. He is feeling scared of the reason behind this meeting.

What if it's exactly what he is thinking?  And if that's true than he don't even want to imagine what will happen.

"Maybe it's about prithvi..." Virat replied meaningfully.

Everyone nodded in agreement. They know what virat is talking about.

Ishan immediately tensed up when he heard that name. His hand start shaking because of panic. Shubman noticed the change in ishan's body language and stood up while grabbing ishan's hand.

Everyone stare at shubman in confusion.

"Bhaiya ish is tired and i'm too, so we are going to take some rest before meeting..." Shubman said to virat.

"Sure...see ishu is even looking pale, go and make sure to give proper rest to your body and mind..." Virat replied , looking concerned about ishan.

"Yes...we will call you when it was time for meeting..." Rohit also joined and said.

"Okay..."

Having said that Shubman dragged a very anxious ishan with himself back to their room.

Once they come inside their room, Ishan start panicking. His face was pale as paper. He start walking back and forth in room, looking terrified.

"I knew it...it's over, prithvi has definitely told higher ups about us...what...what we will do now? I...don't want to leave you shub...please... Please do something shub...." Ishan hurriedly cupped Shubman's face and said desperately.

Ishan start fumbling on words as breathing turn heavy and his eyes teary.

He was feeling damn scared about this whole scenario. He can't lose shubman or else he will die.

Only this moment he realised how deep he has fallen for shubman, and how scared is feeling about not having Shubman's love.

Shubman's heart clenched painfully as he saw Ishan's messy state.

This boy only deserve smile and happiness, he is too soft for this cruel world, shubman felt guilty that he couldn't able to keep ishan away from all these evil things.

"Please... Please tell me that they...they can't take you away from me...please tell me-"

Shubman put his index finger on Ishan's trembling lips to stop him from speaking further.

"There is nothing,I repeat there is literally nothing strong enough in this whole world that can keep me away from you...you run in my blood and beats in every heartbeat of my heart, it's impossible for me to leave you...."

Those words was so strong that it shook ishan's whole body. Those word held thousands of unspoken promises.

Ishan's lips wobbled and he throw himself on shubman hugging him tightly. Shubman pulled him closer by holding his waist.

Ishan keep sniffing Shubman's natural scent, he just need to feel that shubman is here, with him. Shubman placed feathery kisses Ishan's neck to give as much comfort as he can to ishan.

Both of them stayed like this for a while, kissing each other's skin where they could get excess.

Shubman pulled away from hug. Ishan didn't look up, shubman gently wiped his wet cheeks and make ishan looked at him.

He then pressed the softest kiss on Ishan's both wet eyelashes.

"Let's head to bed and take some rest..." Shubman said.

Ishan nodded and both of them lay on the bed, cuddling each other. Ishan was feeling suffocated because of all this but now he is feeling much lighter in the embrace of Shubman.

"Stop thinking baby...and close your eyes, I'm here..." Shubman's voice was as gentle as he was talking to a baby.

Ishan did what he was told and shubman pulled other more close to his body, eliminating the gap between them, he keep patting Ishan's head to help other relax and sleep.

And it worked as well, because soon he heard, ishan's even breathing means other is already sleep.

Shubman placed a kiss on Ishan's forehead and next moment his expression changed into a chilly one.

"I wish I hadn't left you alive, only because of you, my baby is this scared...you only deserve death for causing pain to my lifeline..." Shubman muttered under his breath while gritting his teeth....Around 12 : 45 pm whole team reached at management office, and directly headed to Confrence room, where meeting will be held.

Their coaches and some higher officials were already present there with an unknown man. Whole team greeted them before taking their seats.

There was thick silence in confrence room. Suddenly Rahul dravid stood up and mentioned everyone to pay attention to him.

"You all must have already know about prithvi, through news..." Rahul dravid started, his expression was solemn.

Everyone nodded but ishan was confused as hell. Why he is feeling like he don't know something? What his coach is talking about?

"Does he show any sign of improvement? We were shocked when we got know about his accident..." Rohit asked.

Before Rahul dravid could reply they heard a loud shout,

"Prithvi had an accident?!" Ishan shouted feeling beyond shocked.

Everyone stare at ishan in disbelief except shubman, who was clam all this time.

"You didn't knew?!" Hardik asked, surprised.

Ishan shook his head in "no". He don't even know when this happened.

" this is why i tell you to watch news sometimes....he met with an accident like 8 days ago, around noon..." Virat replied with sigh.

And Ishan's eyes widened in realisation. Suddenly everything start making sense to him about why prithvi couldn't meet him at cafe. And why other didn't call or text him to break up with shubman ever again after that day.

It's all because he met with an accident!!

Ishan turn to look at shubman who wasn't shocked or surprised. Which can mean only one thing, shubman also knew about it.

"You knew?!" Ishan whispered but it was enough, for shubman to hear it.

"Yes..." Shubman replied honestly.

Ishan gave him a look. Now he understand why shubman was so sure about that this meeting has nothing to do with them and their relationship.

Because how can an hospitalised person say anything about them to anyone.

"Alright enough with talking....and about your question rohit, no he didn't improved but opposite actually... We received the call from hospital, saying that prithvi has fallen in Coma..." Rahul dravid drop the bomb.

And once again whole room fall silent and this time everyone has an shocked expression, except Shubman who tapped his finger on chair handle, slightly smirking.

"Looks like i don't have to do anything now. You already got your punishment...Karma sure hits back really fast..." Shubman mentally thought while giving a very low dark chuckle.

"So..when will he wake up?" Rohit asked after overcoming the shock.

To which Rahul dravid let out a depressing sigh.

" don't know...it may take weeks or even months. So for the time being management has decided to appoint new team manager for team..." Rahul dravid replied.

He then mentioned that unknown man to stood with him before looking back at the team.

"Meet Shardul thakur, your new team manger..." Rahul dravid introduced that man.

"Hello boys...i'm looking forward to work with you guys..." Shardul greeted them with a smile.

Everyone also greeted him back with a small smile. It's a lot for them to take in especially for ishan,who is still looking shocked about this whole turn of events.

After discussing about team schedule for a while, the meeting Finally  come to an end.

Everyone returned back to their apartment. All of them once again gathered in living room.

"It's truly unfortunate..." Ishan sighed sadly.

"He deserve it, after what he did..." Shubman replied without any ounce of hesitation,

Ishan stare at him in disbelief.

"What are you saying shub? No one deserve such thing..." Ishan said.

"You are too good ish..that's why he tired to manipulate you..." Shubman replied back, feeling a little angry.

As these two were busy arguing, other members stare at them with a confused look.

"Excuse us but what are guys talking about? What did prithvi do?" Virat asked.

Ishan shook his head, signalling shubman to not tell other about it but shubman refused him before turning to look at other members.

"He somehow got to know about me and ish...then he threatened ishan to break up with me, to save our career...and if i haven't got know about it, ishan probably would have already broken up with me by now..."

Shubman explained everything, he couldn't help but feel angry once again as he recalled all those awful things. Ishan just kept his head low.

"BENSTOAKS!!" Virat cursed angrily after hearing shubman.

"How dare he use such petty way to break you both apart? Fortunate for him that he is already in hospital or else i would have broken his every bone into pieces...."  Virat said angrily. He was feeling beyond angry right now.

Rohit patted his shoulder to calm him a little before saying,

"I was feeling bad for him but not now...he deserve this...bloody moron.." Rohit also snapped angrily. It's rare as rohit usually don't get angry.

Everyone nodded in agreement. Ishan and shubman are like their own brothers and they won't tolerate anyone playing dirty with them.

"Shubi and ishu...do you want me to take legal actions against him for threatening you?" Rohit asked them.

Ishan immediately shook his head. He don't want to make the issue big. And now everything this already settled so there is no need for all this.

"Guys..please calm down. Everything is okay now..." Ishan tried to calm his teammates.

Once again everyone was speechless because of Ishan's naive and kind nature.

"Let me tell you this...stop being so good all the time, other might think it as your weakness..." Virat replied with sigh.

"I'm just like this bhaiya...and just because other person is bad doesn't mean we also have to turn bad..." Ishan replied with smile.

And shubman fall even more deeper than he was already, for the ishan if thats possible.

Ishan's innocence and kindness is what makes him more beautiful.

"I have my world with you ish...and I will make sure no one will ever dare to enter my world...because no one is welcome in our world...it's only you and. Me..."

Shubman thought to himself while staring at the man, who is moon to his darkest night.

_____________________________________

Note:

Update is here my dearreaders.

Please share your views on this chapter and vote for it if you like the chapter.

And also I wanted to know after this book, do you guys want me to write another book or not. Please share your opinion.

See you soonTill then stay happy and healthy.