Chapter - 28
============

Author's POV**************

Just after few days, Asia cup started. Whole team become busy with matches, without any rest. Their schedule turn hectic with nonstop practice and matches.

And just like that almost one month passed by. And india has successfully managed to make it's place in finals against Sri lanka.

Everyone was quite satisfied with their performance in matches but that doesn't mean they let it take over their head. They know work is still not done as they have one more match to win, the finals.

Right now it's night, Shubman and ishan was laying on their bed, in each other's embrace.

There was a comfortable and peaceful silence between them.

"Are you nervous about tomorrow's match?" Shubman asked while running his fingers in ishan's soft hair.

Ishan put his chin on Shubman's chest and looked at shubman before replying,

"Hmm...I want to give my best in finals but what if i suddenly become nervous or lost focus...i scared about it as i don't want to mess anything there..."

Shubman smiled a little and gently caressed ishan's jaw with thumb.

"You know i'm nervous too...it's normal to feel nervous since it's our first time playing in Asia cup but I have full faith in you and me...we will do our best in tomorrow's match..." Shubman replied with a soothing voice.

"I really hope it's goes just like you are saying..." Ishan said before again leaning his head on his hard chest.

Suddenly Shubman think of something before making Ishan face him and said,

"Your family is also coming to watch finals right?" He asked as his father is coming.

Ishan nodded his head.

"Yes but only dad and raj bhaiya...but why did you ask?" Ishan asked.

"Nothing...how about if you did well in match..i will reward you with something.." he conditioned.

And the mention of reward ishan hurriedly get up and stare at him with a sparkling eyes.

"What reward? Tell me...tell me na shub..." Ishan start shaking Shubman's shoulders while whining.

Shubman chuckled at his impatient voice and sit on the bed, facing ishan.

" well..that's a surprise! So i'm not telling you.." He replied with a smile.

"Nooo...I hate suspense, it always left me curious and excited, because of that i couldn't able to fall asleep....please tell me na..." Ishan start whining more while giving his best puppy eyes to shubman.

Shubman immediately covered ishan's eyes with his palm, as he know he will melt within a second if ishan looked at him with those eyes.

"Sorry ish baby but I can't tell you about it right now...So stop looking at me with those eyes." Shubman replied with sigh.

Ishan pushed Shubman's hand away, which was covering his eyes before glaring at him cutely.

A cute and heavy pout appeared on Ishan's lips, shubman leaned to kiss that pout away only to end kissing Ishan's palm instead.

Shubman frowned before pulling away.

"No kissing until you tell me about my reward..." Ishan with huff and crossed his hands over his chest before turning his face other side.

"Now let me see how you don't tell me about my reward...because I know you can't live a minute without kissing me..." Ishan thought and smirked mentally at his genius plan.

But even after waiting for  5 minutes he didn't heard a single word from shubman.

His eyebrows knitted in confusion before slowing turning his eyes to look at shubman, only to left speechless.

"......"

Ishan stare at shubman, who is already laying on bed with closed eyes, in disbelief.

He can heard soft snores coming from Shubman. Which means Other was already dead to world.

Ishan just blinked his eyes in pure bewilderment, before exclaiming in his heart.

What the actual fuck?!

"You are so mean shub..." Ishan commented while sulking.

But ofcourse he didn't heard any reply from other, making Ishan feel more irritated.

Then he also lay down, back facing shubman and closed his eyes to get some sleep, while cursing Shubman in his mind for million times.

Shubman half opened his eyes and peeked at the back of Ishan before chuckling under his breath and shook his head.

"Good night baby...from tomorrow onwards, the new beginning of our lives will begin, with blessings of our families..." Shubman said in his mind with a smile.

He keep staring at Ishan's back until he heard soft snores coming from ishan. Only then he moved close to ishan before back hugging Ishan, completely scoping him in his arms.

He placed a kiss on the back of his neck before chuckling lowly.

"And he was saying that he will not able to get any sleep because of curiosity..." He mumbled to himself while looking at Ishan's sleeping face.

With these words, Shubman also fall asleep....Next dayin evening, whole R. Premadasa stadium was filled with cricket fans. Loud cheers of fans were ringing in whole stadium.

Sri lanka won the toss and decided to bat first. Although sri lanka had the chance to set a high score for india but indian bowlers stopped the whole sri lanka at the score 50. Siraj showed why he is called miya magic as he took 6 wickets.

Currently it's a break as ICT members are in dressing room, getting ready to go down in the ground.

Rohit and shubman was wearing leg pad and gloves as they are the openers.

Rohit sensed a graze on his back and he can already guess who is it.

"Stop drilling holes in my back with your eyes...say whatever you want to say..." Rohit said with sigh and turn around to look at ishan.

Ishan gave him an clumsy smile before hopping towards rohit with an hopefully and sparkling eyes.

"Can I...can I open with Shubman today?" Ishan asked in a hope filled voice.

Rohit raised an eyebrow at him and now Shubman was also looking at rohit with same pleasing eyes.

And how can rohit say no to their pleading eyes. The target is also not high so he can agree to it.

"Fine..but I have one condition.." Rohit said.

Everyone including couple waited for him to say the condition.

"I will let you open but promise me, you both will end the match..." Rohit continued.

"We promise..." Shubman and ishan replied in unison.

"Good you can open then.." Rohit let out and start opening his gloves.

Ishan smiled widely before jumping on the rohit, making other stumble a little. Ishan hugged rohit tightly shaking him, in excitement.

"Thankyou bhaiya, thankyou so much.. You are the best..." Ishan said kissed his cheek.

Rohit smiled a little at ishan's action and patted his back, Meanwhile Shubman's face turn bitter in slight jealousy.

Siraj noticed this and nudged virat who was busy admiring ishan and rohit. Virat stare at siraj in confusion.

"See...how shubman's face is looking, just like a abandoned husband by his wife..." Siraj said and pointed at shubman.

Virat look at shubman and chuckled when he saw how right siraj was about it. Shubman also heard him and gave a look to both of them.

"I heard it...you know?" He said.

"Well he didn't said anything wrong.." Virat replied and showed tongue to him.

Shubman scoffed at his antic before walking to hugging duo and dragging ishan away from hug. He then hugged ishan looking at rohit stringily, clearing showing his possessiveness.

Rohit rolled his eyes at him, before scoffing.

"I'm already married you know, I love him as my child, so calm your possessive ass..." Rohit grumbled in done tone.

Shubman ignored him completely and turn to look at ishan in his hold.

"Get ready ish...we need to go down in 5 minutes..." He said with a smile.

Ishan nodded and was about to free himself from Shubman's hold but stopped when shubman bend a little, near to his ear.

"Let's finish it quickly, your reward is waiting for you..." Shubman whispered in his ear.

As Shubman's hot breath fanned over his ear and neck, Ishan's face start feeling hot. He nodded, feeling flustered and start getting ready.

Other members are already used to their PDA so they just shook their head before minding their on business.

After 5 minutes,Shubman and ishan slowly walked out from ICT pavilion, entering the ground. Whole stadium start cheering loudly.

Ishan looked up towards VIP area and easily spotted his family, cheering for him. Beside them Shubman's father is also sitting.

Shubman patted Ishan's shoulder, making ishan shift his attention back to him. Both of them bumped their fists before walking on the pitch.

Match started as the first bowl was delivered. And just like that, as promised ishan and Shubman successfully managed to chase the target, making india win the finals.

There was no bound to Shubman's and ishan's happiness. Both of them hugged each other tightly in between pitch.

"We did it shub!! We did it.." Ishan said to Shubman in a hussed voice.

And Shubman can hear the smile in his voice.

" Yes baby...we did it, you did it.." Shubman replied with a whisper in his ear.

Both of them pulled away, before shaking hands with opponent teammates, whole ICT team hugged their youngsters, patting their backs.

Then Everyone went to get the winning trophy and Interviews....The first thing ishan did after returning to dressing room was hugging the hell out of Shubman, which other gladly returned.

"I'm so happy shub..." Ishan said while smiling.

Shubman nodded and next second Ishan's legs left the ground as Shubman lifted him, while hugging him. Ishan wrapped his legs around his waist before looking at shubman, surprised.

"What are you doing shub? Put me down...Others might see us, they must be on their way to dressing room..." Ishan said while patting his shoulder, to let him down.

"Let them see...it's not like they don't know about us, so what's there to hide..." Shubman replied.

Ishan was about to say something but eneded up letting out a surprised yelp before it turned into giggles as shubman start spinning him in circles.

Whole dressing room filled with laughs and giggles of Ishan while shubman stare at his face with a fond look.

"Stop...stop now shub, i'm feeling dizzy " Ishan said and stare down at shubman.

Shubman stopped spinning them but didn't put ishan down from his hold. Ishan stare at him with confusion, while shubman was looking at his lips.

Ishan noticed his line of sight and licked his lips nervously, shubman noticed his every move with his eyes before crashing his lips with Ishan's.

Ishan closed his eyes tightly before circling his arms around Shubman's neck and kissed other back slowly. Shubman pulled ishan more close before kissing him deeply.

Ishan's back was slammed against locker as Shubman pressed himself more into ishan, not breaking the kiss even for a second.

Both of them were engrossed in kissing, the room which was filled with giggles a while ago, now it's filled with heavy breathings and kissing sounds.

Shubman put ishan down and cupped his face tightly and kissing him passionately. Ishan moaned a little in Shubman's mouth, making shubman go more rough while kissing.

They were so lost in kissing each other that, they didn't noticed someone coming inside the dressing room.

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU BOTH DOING?!" Someone shouted angrily from door.

Both of them hurriedly pulled away from each other and stare the person at door. Ishan's face turn pale in fear, and he stare at shubman feeling beyond scared,his whole body was shaking in fear. Shubman's face was expressionless.

It was Shubman's dad, Mr.Gill!!

Behind him, there was Ishan's dad, who is looking at them with angry and shocked eyes while Ishan's brother was beyond shocked to give any reaction.

Soon other members also come hearing the shout. They took in the scene infront of them.

By the look of it they can guess what happened here. And stare at the couple worriedly.

"I Am Asking you something Shubman... What's the meaning of all this? Tell me dammit!!" Mr.Gill shouted once again.

Ishan flinched at that harsh shout, shubman quickly looked at ishan and held his hand in comforting manner, rubbing them gently.

"Shh..calm down, everything is okay i'm here.." Shubman said softly to ishan.

Mr.Gill glared at their joined hand, before walking to them.

" Are you FUCKING insane? Leave his hand Shubm-"

Mr.Gill shouted once again but this time Shubman aggressively cut him off in between.

"LOWER YOUR VOICE!! CANT YOU SEE HE IS GETTING SCARED?!"

Everyone was shocked at his sudden outburst. Ishan patted his shoulder to calm him down when he saw angry shubman is looking.

Mr.Kishan was looking at them from aside, not saying anything. While raj was looking worriedly at ishan.

"You-just because of a boy you are going to talk with me like this?" Mr.Gill asked in disbelief.

To which shubman shook his head before looking firmly in his father's eyes.

"He is not just anyone boy dad...he ismy boy,andyou clearly know how much i hate it when someone talk badly with my beloveds..." Shubman replied without any hesitation.

Mr.Gill just stare at him in disbelief. Is shubman even listening to himself? What nonsense is he speaking?!

Mr.Kishan, who was silent till now walked to ishan and ishan stare at him feeling guilty and scared.

"Dad-" ishan started slowly but stopped when he saw his dad raising his hand.

Ishan closed his eyes, waiting for impact on his cheek and next second a loud slapping sound echoed in leaving room.

But ishan didn't felt anything.

"SHUBMAN!!" Everyone shouted in unison.

Ishan opened his eyes quickly and saw shubman standing infront of him. His eyes widened, he hurriedly turn shubman around and let out a sob when he saw red hand print on Shubman's left cheek.

"S-shub.." Ishan let out while his eyes turn teary.

Shubman shook his head and wiped his tears. Before looking back at Ishan's dad.

"Why didn't you dodged it?" Mr.Kishan asked in a surprisingly calm tone.

"You are ishan's dad and elder than me...it would be disrespectful to stop your hand, so I did what comes into my mind, because I can't let you hurt ish..." Shubman replied calmly.

Mr.Kishan just stare at shubman with an unreadable look in his eyes before turning his attention to ishan who is sobbing silently.

Rohit and virat shared a look and nodded before walking to them. Virat side hugged ishan, who leaned into his embrace to seek comfort.

While rohit went to Mr.Gill and Mr.Kishan before saying respectfully,

" Please calm down everyone... Let's go back to apartment and talk there"

Rohit tried to reason with them as it's risky here.They can't afford any management staff to hear all this.

Mr.Gill huffed and left from there but not before giving angry look to couple.

Raj also come and convinced Mr.Kishan to agree with rohit before taking him out from there too.

Shubman shifted his attention at ishan, who stare at him with red puffy teary eyes.

"Stop crying baby....it's okay, don't worry I will handle everything..." Shubman tried to comfort him while wiping his tears.

Ishan looked at his cheek, which is red and gently caressed it with fingers.

"Is it hurting?" He asked in a small voice as his voice cracked in end.

Shubman shook his head in "no", this slap doesn't hurt as much his ish's  tears do. Ishan tip toed  and placed a sweet kiss on his bruised cheek.

" let's head back to apartment guys...." Virat said from the side.

Everyone nodded and start leaving the room one by one. Shubman held Ishan's hand gently, caressing the back of his hand with thumb.

Ishan gave him a small smile and both  of them also exited the room.

"i wanted to make it official infront of our parents today after match, to surprise you, so I was already prepared for their this type of reactions...although not like this. But don't feel any fear baby, i can handle any hurdle to make us stay together always..."

That was Shubman's internal thoughts as he exited the dressing room with ishan.

______________________________________

Note:

Firstly really sorry for late update. Actually my grandfather is seriously ill, so we all are tensed about it. Hope you all will understand.

Secondly, thankyou so so so much for 50k reads...damn! That's a lot for me,who just started to write only for fun. Love you all guys 😘❤️🥰

Lastly,here is the new update of this book. Please share your views on this chapter.

Vote for it if you like it.

See you soon in next update.Till then stay safe and healthy.