Chapter - 29
============

Author's POV**************

There was thick and suffocating silence in Living room of ICT Apartment. No one dare to even breath loudly as they watched the staring contest between the couple and their dads.

"For god sake, Say something Shubman...What's all this?? Whats going on here?"

Finally Mr.Gill decided to break the silence and asked sternly.

Ishan slightly hide behind shubman, who noticed his action and gave other a soft smile, to ease Ishan's worries.

Shubman then faced his dad before replying,

"After witnessing all that in dressing room, I don't think its hard to understand what's going on...still for you, let me say it clearly..."

Shubman paused in between before taking Ishan's hand in his own, ishan tried to pull his hand away as he recalled Mr.Gill's reaction from earlier,

But shubman held his hand firmly, refusing to let go before continuing his words,

"Me and ishan, We are DATING..."

Ishan turn to look at his dad, who was looking clearly pissed, then his graze fall at his brother, who gave him a worried and somewhat comforting smile, making ishan feel a little at ease , atleast his brother understand him.

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!" Mr.Gill's angry voice echoed in whole living room.

But shubman was looking rather calm and collected.

"The literal meaning, Dad.." He replied calmly, adding fuel to Mr.Gill's anger.

Mr.Gill slammed his hand on table and stood up angrily, before pointing his finger at Shubman and ishan.

"Do you even realise what nonsense are you saying? Dating? That too, ishan? Have you lost it?! He is a boy for god sake!! And Mr.kishan say something to your son..." Mr.Gill said last sentence while looking at Mr.Kishan in disbelief.

Mr.kishan was staring at ishan, who is looking guilty about not telling all this to him, but he can tell ishan is not feeling even a ounce of remorse for falling in love with Shubman, a man.

Then he shifted his attention towards Shubman. Although Shubman is looking all calm and collected but his eyes, they are filled with lots of emotions.

As he was busy observing them, he heard Mr.Gill, telling him to put some sense into ishan's head.

Raj also held his hand, silently pleading to him, for his brother's happiness. Because to other's mr.kishan may seem as he is not angry but raj knows better, his dad is furious right now.

After a whole moment of silence, Mr.kishan break his silence.

"What are your intentions, towards my son?" Mr.kishan questioned, seriously.

Mr.Gill stare at him in shock before shouting,

"Are you out of your mind? What are You-"

Mr.kishan shot him a look and raised his hand to stop Mr.Gill from talking further.

"Please Mr.Gill, I know what i am doing, so I would appreciate if you let me do my work..."

"You know what i'm done!!...i'm leaving, I will forget that i ever had any son!..." Mr.Gill huffed in rage.

He then stormed out of living room angrily. Shubman just stare at the his retreating back, with an complicated look in his eyes.

"What are you looking at? Go and talk to him..." Ishan urged Shubman.

"No need.." Shubman replied flatly.

"But-" ishan started but shubman cut him off.

"No buts...I know my dad, it's better to leave him alone for time being, don't worry I will talk to him later..." Shubman assured him.

Mr.kishan once again faced the duo, waiting for answer from shubman.

" about your question, My intention towards your son is simple, uncle...he is mine!" Shubman replied bluntly.

Mr.kishan didn't said anything to him, and shifted his attention to ishan,

"Go back to your room...I need to talk with shubman..." He said to ishan.

"No please dad, if you want to say something, please let me be here too..." Ishan protested feeling worried for shubman.

"I told you go back to your room ishu, don't let me repeat myself!!" This time Mr.kishan used a stern and firm tone.

Ishan was about to protest again but shubman patted on his hand gently, making ishan look at him.

"Go upstairs, ish.." Shubman said softly before looking at other ict members.

"Bhaiya take him upstairs, and please stay there with him, or else he will start panicking in worry..." He said.

Except Rohit and virat all members left for upstairs with ishan, who keep looking back anxiously until he reached his room.

"He obeys you more than me, huh..." Mr.kishan couldn't help but comment sarcastically.

"We can talk now..." Shubman said, not minding other's comment.

"Sure...you know what kind of country and society we live in...right?" Mr.kishan asked.

"I know..." Shubman replied while nodding,

"Then you must also know that, I want my son to marry a girl like any other parents and see grandchildren, to continue my family..." Mr.kishan said.

"I know uncle and i also know that you don't even know how to handle this situation as you still can't wrap your mind around the fact that your son is dating a man, me...." Shubman replied calmly, not looking even a little uneasy.

As they were engrossed in all this, virat shifted a little close to rohit who was looking at whole this thing seriously.

"What's with all these questions? are they playing, "kaun banega kiska pati?"Virat whispered in Rohit's ear.

Rohit gave him a done look before whispering back,

"Only you can say something such wierd in between of this serious situation..."

Virat gave him a glare, which rohit ignored before turning their focus to Shubman and Ishan's dad.

"From what i can see, you are a very confident and stubborn person...so if i tell you to break up with my son and leave him alone, you will definitely don't do that... Right?" Mr.kishan asked,

Shubman didn't even waste a second before replying,

"Yes..you are right.."

Mr.kishan sighed while rubbing his forehead.

"I have never met someone this brave and straightforward...dammit.." Mr.kishan said feeling  a little speechless because of Shubman's straightforwardness.

To which shubman gave him a amused smile before asking,

" I have also never met someone like you uncle...because i can tell you are very angry right so why are you not yelling and cursing at me?"

Mr.kishan didn't bothered to reply him but raj decided to speak on behalf of his father.

"Because he know ishan better than anyone...he know if he caused ruckus because of his anger, ishan will never listen to him and turn against him, which ofcourse dad don't want..." Raj replied from side.

Shubman smiled slightly when heard raj. Shubman can tell one thing now, Ishan's dad loves ishan dearly, to the point to do anything for him.

"Good...you know now that i'm not going to leave ishan...so what do you want from me? I mean isn't it best to just accept us? " Shubman asked while raising an eyebrow at him.

"You are very brave to talk with your elders like this. Let me ask you this, do you really think love between two men will last, given our indian society? And will you able to take care of my son, forever?" Mr.kishan asked shubman back.

"You are, kind of, preventing me from getting together with your son right now so how did you know that i won't able to take care of your son forever?" Shubman retorted.

Mr.kishan felt a little lose of words. It's been a while since he met someone like himself and Shubman has same personality as him.

"You are so hard to talk with..." Mr.kishan let out with a sigh.

"Just like you uncle. I guess we should talk later as this conversation is not reaching to any destination..." Shubman replied and stood up.

"Fine...but i'm taking ishan with me, to our hotel...he will stay with me for time being" Mr.kishan said,also standing up.

Shubman face turn blank as he clenched his fist tightly. He know other is trying keep ishan away from him to test Shubman, so he composed himself before replying,

"Hmm...but not for long, I will come to take him back, because he belongs with me and to me..." Shubman replied firmly,

Mr.kishan ignored his words before turning his attention to raj.

"Go help your brother with packing... We are leaving with him " he said to raj.

Raj hesitantly nodded and went upstairs to get ishan. While virat and rohit patted Shubman's shoulder, giving comfort to him,who stood there with stiff face...."Let me go downstairs please bhaiya...what if they fought? Dad is a strict person...please let me go..." Ishan pleaded for nth time now while looking at his members.

"Calm down ishu, rohit and virat are there with Shubman, they will handle it if something really happens..." Kl Rahul said.

Ishan was about to say something again but stopped when someone walked inside room and said,

"Dad is done talking with shubman...pack your bags, you are going to live with us in hotel for time being..." Raj said while walking to cupboard and start taking Ishan's clothes out.

"What!! No...I won't go anywhere without shubman, please bhaiya talk with dad...I love Shubman, bhaiya, i love him."

Ishan shouted, almost on the verge of tears while tugging on raj's sleeve. While others gave a look of pity to crying boy.

Raj stopped and turn around to face Ishan before raising his hand and caressed Ishan's head.

"I know ishu, you love him. And believe me from what i can see he loves you more, but dad is adamant, he will definitely take you with us..." Raj replied with a sigh.

Raj has saw the madness and love for ishan in Shubman's eyes but he also know his dad, it's also impossible to change his decision.

Ishan keep shaking his head in no, As tears stream down his face. He backed few steps away while wiping his tears.

"I won't go!! I WON'T GO ANYWHERE!!" Ishan shouted before running out of his room.

Other members hurriedly followed the boy, feeling damn worried for him. Raj sighed before start packing Ishan's clothes, as he know nothing can stop his dad now.

"Ishu stop running baccha... Or else you will fall!!"

Shubman turn towards stairs when he heard hardik's shouting and saw ishan running down on stairs with teary eyes while members running behind him.

Shubman hurriedly walked to stairs and ishan immediately throw himself on shubman once he reached the last stair. Shubman wrapped his arms around other's waist, lifting him.

Other members also sighed in relief when they saw ishan in Shubman's arms.

"Shh...shh, ish stop crying, " shubman said while patting his back.

Ishan looked up at Shubman, tears still streaming down from his eyes.

"I don't want to go anywhere with dad...please shub I want to stay here with you.." Ishan cried while pleading as his breathing turn heavy.

Shubman's heart clenched painfully, looking at Ishan's condition. He placed ishan on floor and wiped his tears.

"Calm down...take deep breaths" shubman instructed.

Ishan did what he was told and soon his breathing become stable. But then a hand tugged ishan's arm, pulling him away from shubman with force.

Ishan desperately grabbed Shubman's wrist while his other hand was in hold of Mr.kishan.

"Dad please..." Ishan begged as he looked at his dad.

Mr.kishan stoned his heart before pulling ishan but other didn't leave Shubman's wrist. Everyone stare at this tugged war with worried expression.

"Leave him!! You are hurting him dad.." Raj shouted as he come down with Ishan's luggage.

Ishan stare at Shubman's expressionless face, he is not getting a good feeling about this.

"Shub please say something...Tell him that you won't let me go with-"

Ishan's words come to an halt when Shubman freed his wrist from Ishan's grip, before saying

"Go with your dad..."

Ishan stare at him in disbelief and his whole body trembled. Is shubman is leaving him?! No this can't be!

Except rohirat, who know whole thing, all members also looked shocked. They didn't expected shubman to give up this easily.

"You want me to leave with him?" Ishan asked as his lips trembled.

"Yes.." Shubman let out coldly.

Ishan turn silent for few seconds before looking at Shubman with his red and swollen eyes.

"I hate you!!..." Ishan shouted angrily, feeling betrayed.

Shubman's whole being turn froze as he heard his words. It broke his heart into million pieces. He clenched his fist tightly, digging nails in his palm. He was feeling damn angry, his eyes turn red.

"Don't say something which you regret later..." Shubman warned while gritting his teeth.

Ishan didn't said anything and kept his head low. Mr.kishan had enough for their argument and start dragging ishan towards exit, raj hurriedly followed them.

"Shubi...please stop him, didn't you said you love him like crazy? So what happened to your love now?" Kl rahul asked as he saw ishan going.

"I'm letting him go but for now only..."

Having said that Shubman, left for his room directly, leaving everyone confused except rohit and virat.

"What does he mean by "only for now"...?" Siraj asked.

"You will understand it soon, just wait and watch.." Virat replied before sitting on couch with sigh.

Everyone followed his action and sat there in silence....In car, ishan was crying his heart out on shoulder of raj, While raj patted his back to calm him down.

Raj stare at his dad helplessly, while his dad remain unbothered to Ishan's cries.

"Stop crying bachha, you will start feeling dizzy because of crying too much.." Raj said to him.

"He left me bhaiya..." Ishan cried miserably, wetting raj's shirt.

"No he didn't you idiot!!, looking at your state, I can bet shubman must be feeling ten time worse than you..." Raj shouted in his heart with a sigh.

But ofcourse he cant say this to ishan, atleast not infront of their dad, so he just continue patting Ishan's head to comfort him.

Then suddenly ishan's phone dinged with a notification of new message, ishan picked his phone from side and opened the text,

Before  angrily throwing it away on seat as he read the text sent by a certain someone.

"What was it?" Raj asked in confusion.

"Nothing just some scammer motherfucker!!" Ishan cursed angrily.

Raj gave him a look but didn't question further.

On Ishan's phone's screen, which was abandoned by it's owner, message box was still opened, it's shows the message.

"You really never think twice before saying anything, do you? Don't worry I will make sure that you won't say something like this ever again. Wait from my call at night..." -text from shub❤️.

Ishan glanced a little towards his before turning around and huffing angrily as he cried, feeling more hurt.

"How dare he still behave like he didn't abandoned me? All men are jerks!!"Ishan cursed mentally, forgetting that he is also a man.

______________________________________

Note:

Sorry for the late update, but it's going to be like this for a while because of the issue at home.

Now about chapter, please share your views on this chapter in comments and vote for it.

See you soon in next update.Till then stay happy and healthy.