Chapter - 30
============

Author's POV**************

It's already night. Ishan was looking out from the window with lifeless expression, lost in his thoughts.

Just why obstacles keep coming in their life, one after another? Because he fell for a man? But that doesn't mean, his love is not pure and true. Life and Everything else is being unfair with them.

Ishan soon felt something wet on his cheeks, he touched them and realised that he was crying, once again.

He heard someone opening the door of room, he immediately wiped his tears and turn around. There stood raj with plate of food in his hands. Yes, he is staying in raj's hotel room.

Raj put the plate on the table and walked to ishan. He sighed when he saw his red eyes.

"You were crying again..." Raj said, he wasn't asking, as he can tell other was definitely crying.

"Are you not disappointed in Me, like dad? " Ishan asked instead of replying to raj's question.

"Disappointed? About what?" Raj asked as he sat on the bed with crossed legs.

Ishan walked to bed and sit beside him, facing his brother before replying.

"Well...me being in relationship with Shubman, who is a man ofcourse...,"

Although raj already know now about him and shubman but he still find it hard to talk about it with raj.

"To be honest, I'm a little disappointed" Raj replied, making ishan lower his head, feeling sad.

His family has always been supportive to him. But now things are different, he have shubman in his life and now that instead of wife, there is husband in the picture, so their disappointment is understandable.

"When i saw you in that position with Shubman, I won't lie, i was very shocked. I never thought that you could love a man, It just never occurred to me. But now that i think about it, despite your taste or preference, you are still my brother...." Raj continued.

Ishan immediately looked up at him as he heard his words. He froze for a good minute.

"What do you mean, bhaiya?" Ishan asked in a trembling voice.

Raj smiled a little before caressing Ishan's head in a  affectionate manner.

"What i mean is...nothing in this world can change the fact that you are my brother. Regardless of whom your heart is with, i will always love you and take care of you. You are big enough to choose right and wrong for yourself and i'm here to support you in your decision..." Raj replied with a smile.

Ishan was stunned, raj chuckled at his shocked expression. After overcoming the shock, ishan threw himself on raj, hugging him tightly.

"You are the best bhaiya ever, thankyou thankyou so much for accepting us..." Ishan expressed his gratefulness.

Raj patted his back and both of them then pulled away from hug.

"I may accept all this but dad won't, atleast not that easily. It's too much for him, to take in. That's why he decided to bring you away from shubman, I hope you understand dad..." Raj said, he don't want any bitter feelings between ishan and their dad.

Ishan's face turn a little upset as his dad was mentioned.

"Do...do you know what dad is upto?" Ishan asked, looking concerned.

"No...but i believe he won't do anything extreme because i can tell, that he can also see Shubman's deep love for you. He knows that shubman can take care you...although i'm not sure about you, do you think you can take care of shubman?" Raj said,and  decided to tease ishan a little, to lighten the mood of other.

To which ishan glared at him and pushed him a little away.

"Ofcourse i can take care of him...he won't survive even single day without me having around. I take care of everything of his, his wallet, watch and clothes, Everything!!" Ishan replied smugly, feeling all proud.

"Woah- never knew you can be such a wife material! Are you the same the ishan, who always used to need mom, to have his every work done? Love truly works magically!! " Raj exclaimed in surprised tone, which sounded sarcastic to Ishan's ears.

"You are really annoying, do you know that?" Ishan huffed while pouting.

To which, Raj bumped his shoulder against Ishan's,

" it's the side effect of your company, my ishu darling..." Raj replied while wiggling his eyebrows at ishan.

"Hehe..very funny! Now move away i need to sleep..." Ishan replied sarcastically.

Having said that, ishan was about to lay down but raj stopped him from doing so. Making ishan stare at him in confusion.

"Have your dinner first then sleep..." Raj reminded while pointing at the plate on the table.

Ishan immediately shook his head in "No" vigorously. He don't have any appetite, he may smile but inside his heart is filled with loneliness, without Shubman.

"I'm not hungry bhaiya...put the plate away" ishan said.

"Why? Can't even eat without your husband by your side? And you were saying he can't survive without you...now looking at you, you are not different case either...." Raj teased him jokingly, to cheer up younger a little.

Instead of laughing like any other times, ishan gave him a serious look, making raj sigh and turn quite.

"Okay I won't say anything anymore but please eat something..." Raj said and took the plate in his hand.

"No bhaiya...please i'm really not hungry. Don't force me...please..." Ishan pleaded, giving a disgusting look to plate of food.

In the end, Raj sighed in defeat and put the plate away. Ishan then layed down and covered himself before closing his eyes.

"Good night ishu...wake me even at 2 A.M if you feel hungry...okay?" Raj said while staring at Ishan's sleeping back.

Although ishan didn't replied to him but Raj know other heard him, so he turn off the lights and lay down on bed....Meanwhileat the same time, Shubman was sitting on the couch with Alcohol bottle in his hand. He had been drinking since a while now.

"Oh bhai...stop drinking already!! Why i'm getting a vibe of Devdas from you? Did you had a fight with bhabhi?" Abhishek, who finally couldn't bear this, asked and took the bottle from Shubman's hand.

"Not with ish but his dad...he got to know about us and he took ishan with himself..." Shubman answered blankly,

"What the fuck!! Is this your love life or indian tv serial? Why there are so twists?? What are you gonna do now?" Abhishek asked, feeling bad for shubman.

"For now i don't know... I tried to handle this calmly with his dad, but he has same personality as me...so at the end i backed down and tried to calm myself down First...." Shubman said calmly. He may act like it's not a big deal but his eyes are telling different story.

He closed his eyes but Ishan's teary eyes were the only thing the flashed before his eyes, making shubman open his eyes, he than snatched the liquor bottle from abhishek's hand and start drinking it.

Although his face was calm but his heart was feeling angry. He want to see ishan so bad, that urge was so hard that it left his heart and body aching in agony.

Abhishek stare at him with pity. He know Shubman never show his weakness but that doesn't mean he don't feel anything.

Suddenly Abhishek's phone ringed. He look at the caller i'd and sighed for the nth time before looking at shubman.

"Bro did you left the Apartment without informing others? See Virat bhaiya and rohit bhaiya keep ringing my phone without any break...here take it and atleast tell them that you are here..." Abhishek said with sigh.

He then picked the call before putting it on speaker and hand it to shubman, mentioning him to talk.

"Hello bha-" shubman started but got cut off in middle by Virat's angry shouting.

"WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?! Can you act like a responsible person for once?! Do you even know how worried everyone is for you?!"

"I'm so-" Shubman started again, only to cut off once again.

"Keep your sorry to yourself!! I'm done with you guys...sometimes ishan leave without informing, sometimes you!! Do you think we don't have anything else to do, that you guys keep leaving without informing and we keep looking for you like idiots...Now say something!!"

Virat angry shout echoed in Abhishek's apartment.

"Atleast give him a chance to speak, Only then he will able to speak right? And please calm down..."

Both bestfriend heard Rohit's voice in the background, probably calming the furious virat.

Only then Shubman decided to reply,

"Thankyou Ro bhaiya and I'm at Abhishek's apartment with him ofcourse...I felt suffocated in that room, without ish...that's why i left from there, to calm my mind a little" Shubman replied as his voice turn a little heavy.

Virat become silent when he heard so much vulnerability in Shubman's voice and mentally scolded himself for shouting at younger. He calmed himself down before saying,

"We know bachha, that it's so hard for you but you have to understand that, we all are here for you. Bachha please return back right now....We are worried for you.." Virat said using soft tone this time.

"Hmm...okay" shubman replied shortly.

"Good...is this call on speaker?" Virat asked after a little pause.

"Yes...why?" Shubman asked in confusion.

"Nothing... If it's speaker that means, abhishek can hear me too...so abhi drop him here and don't let him drive with alcohol in his system...okay?" Virat's voice said from other side.

Abhishek and shubman shared a surprised look among themselves as abhishek replied,

"Okay bhaiya...but can I ask how did you know that he is drinking? "

Abhishek asked as shubman's alcohol tolerance is quite impressive, so it's kinda hard to guess that he is drunk over phone.

To his question, virat just scoffed on other side of phone.

" you can say, that i just know him too well..." That was Virat's reply before ending the call.

Abhishek put the phone back in his jeans pocket and stood up, shubman did the same.

"Let's go my modern devdas..." Abhishek teased him a little, earning a glare from his best friend.

"Are you looking for a good beating huh?" Shubman asked, cracking his fingers, together.

Abhishek gave him a nervous look before making a zip closing gesture over his mouth.

"Better!!.." Shubman replied and start walking towards the exit, and abhishek hurriedly followed him.

In the living room of ICT Apartment, Everyone had their eyed fixed on the Entrance of living room, waiting for shubman to come as it's already been 30 minutes, since virat last talked with him.

And soon their wait come to an end, when they saw shubman walking inside,looking all sober, thanks to his high tolerance.

"Are you okay?" Rohit asked once other reached them.

"Don't know..." Shubman replied in a expressionless voice.

"Shubi, gather yourself together. You need to stay strong for yourself and ishu..." Virat said while patting Shubman's shoulder.

Shubman gave him a look before giving a small nod.

"Now stop thinking and go get some sleep..." Rohit said.

"Hmm.." Shubman hummed and with that, he left for his room.

Everyone stare at his retreating back with worried eyes. Before looking at each other, feeling helpless. They really don't know what to do to ease their youngest's couple's pain....Ring....ring...ring...

It was 11 : 15 A.M in night, ishan is sleeping without any care of this world. But raj was having difficulty with sleeping as Ishan's phone keep ringing continuously, giving headache to him.

Finally he couldn't bear it anymore and get up irritatedly, he turn to look at his left, where ishan is sleeping. Ishan always amazed him with his sleeping ability, only he can sleep even with his phone ringing right next to his ear.

"Bhai oh...are you planning to break the phone and come out of it right here? Atleast give a second of rest to it..." Raj said irritatedly, while staring at the ringing phone.

But the phone keep ringing, like there is no tomorrow. Raj reached for Ishan's phone and checked the caller i'd, he immediately became alert when he saw it's from shubman.

He start shaking ishan with force, while shouting his name, to wake him up.

"Ishu...Ishan!! Wake up, Your shubman is calling like crazy... Ishan!! Wake up dammit!!" Raj shouted right in Ishan's ear.

Ishan woke up hurriedly, looking here and there in panic.

"What happened? Did police raid the hotel?!" Ishan exclaimed in panic.

Raj stare at him, feeling speechless by him yet again. But he then shook his head, it's nothing new anyway.

"I won't even question how did you always think weirdest possibility...and no nothing like that happen...Your shubman was calling but now he hung up..." Raj said before handing him his phone.

Ishan took the phone and only then he remembered that Shubman has texted him in car, that he will call in night.

He immediately opened the phone and his eyes widened when he saw 10 missed calls from shubman and a voice mail too.

Ishan didn't give much thought to it as he clicked on the voice mail, and both he and raj froze when they heard the message inside that voice mail.

"MR.ISHAN SHUBMAN GILL!! If you didn't pick my next call...I will fuck you so hard that, you won't able to walk for whole month!!"

Shubman's angry and intimidating voice echoed in silent room. Although that name sounded pleasant to Ishan's ear, but his angry growl sent shivers and chills to ishan as well, while raj was too stunned to speak anything.

"I think i heard something, i shouldn't have...You receive his call i'm going to sleep in dad room.." Raj said after a moment of silence as he had an horrified look on his face.

Ishan gave him an embarrassed and awkward smile.

"Please don't tell him about Shubman calling me..." Ishan said.

Raj waved his hand at him and exited the room as quickly as he can, not wanting to stay there longer.

Ishan went to close the door and at the same time, Shubman's name flash on his mobile screen as other called him once again but this time it was video call.

Ishan picked the call within a second and a very angry looking Shubman's face appeared on his phone screen.

"So finally you got the time to pick my call?" Shubman asked while hissing angrily.

Ishan walked to bed before sitting on it while crossing his legs and looked at shubman.

"I don't talk to betrayers...you let me go, so what right do you have to call me like this huh?" Ishan also become angry. Why shubman is behaving like ishan is the one who left him?

Shubman's face darkened as he heard ishan. He glared at ishan through phone, making ishan gulp nervously.

"I have every right to call you, anytime I want, got it?! And don't you already know that your fate is sealed with me?" Shubman asked in angry deep voice.

"Then why didn't you stopped me, instead of letting me go like that? Tell me.." Ishan demanded as his eyes turn teary, he got so used to having Shubman by his side that, it becomes almost impossible to live without him.

Seeing his teary eyes, Shubman's eyes and expression softened.

"I let you go but only for few days...take it as a holiday with your dad before coming to me permanently. Because after this you will never be away from me..." Shubman said softly, grazing tenderly at ishan, filling the thirst of his eyes.

Ishan sniffed as he tried his best to not breakdown infront of shubman.

"Really?Are you telling the truth?" Ishan asked in a crying voice.

"Yes my baby...now stop crying, i'm not there to wipe your tears..." Shubman said as his own voice cracked a little in end.

Ishan nodded and wiped his tears before giving a small smile to shubman.

"Please come and take me with you soon.." Ishan pleaded in raw emotion filled voice.

Shubman froze as he heard him. He immediately looked down to suppress the emotions in his heart, not wanting ishan to see it. He clenched his fist tightly before looking up at his phone.

"I will...just wait for few days..." Shubman replied.

They talked about 15 minutes more before ending the call with a "good night".

Ishan stare at the phone screen and mumbled before closing his eyes.

" i miss you hubby..."

Meanwhile, Shubman throw the phone away on bed and caressed Ishan side bed, looking longingly at it.

"Sleeping without you? I can't do it!...you have become my unavoidable and incurable habit..." Shubman mumbled to himself quietly.

_______________________________________Note:

Here the update. It may have some mistakes as i wrote it in hurry so please forgive me for that.

And don't forget to share your views on this chapter and vote for it if you like it.

See you soonStay happy and healthy.