Chapter - 31
============

Author's  POV**************

Next Morning ishan was talking on the video call with shubman. He made a confused face as he saw shubman getting all dressed up.

"Are you going out shub?" Ishan asked.

"Yes...A friend called, so i'm going to meet him..." Shubman replied.

"Is it abhishek? And when are you going to sort things with my dad and take me back?" Ishan asked again.

"No, it's not him and about your dad, I still need to think of something to make him accept us..." Shubman replied with honesty.

Ishan nodded in understanding and saw shubman getting up and searching for something, he can already guess what other is looking for.

"Your watch along with your wallet, is in left bedside table's first drawer..." Ishan said as he saw shubman looking here and there with a stressed face.

Shubman quickly went to bedside table and opened the said drawer before sighing as he took out his watch and wallet.

He then looked at ishan through phone screen before saying,

"I have become so dependent on you for Everything that I can't even find my own things..."

To which ishan flipped his non existent long hair, looking smugly at shubman.

"I knew it, you can't survive without me..." Ishan said proudly.

"So true, it has become impossible to live without you..." Shubman replied while staring at ishan with longing.

Ishan fell silent as he detected the longing and vulnerability in Shubman's voice, it's his second time seeing shubman like this, the first time was when he was about to break up with Shubman.

Shubman noticed ishan's gloomy mood and cleared his throat before saying,

" Okay enough about me, did you have your breakfast? " shubman asked, to change the subject.

Ishan's eyes flickered at middle table of room, where raj has once again put the plate of breakfast, but he didn't eat it, before looking back at shubman.

"Yes, I did...umm..Can I ask a favor? Can you call me every hour?" Ishan asked while stuttering, he feel kinda embarrassed to ask it.

A smirk appeared on Shubman's lips as looked at Ishan's embarrassed face.

"Why? Missing me too much?, Say please and I will call you, even inform you my whereabouts" Shubman said, clearly teasing ishan.

He was expecting an loud embarrassed "No" from ishan as other never admit that he miss Shubman and about begging, ishan never do it.

But shubman froze as he heard Ishan's next words.

"Please shub...call me, I miss you like crazy, it feels empty without you...please!" Ishan pleaded in a soft voice As he made a pleading face.

Shubman didn't said anything just keep staring at ishan with lot's of emotions in his eyes.

"Don't say anything, keep silent..." He replied hastily, voice sounding a little heavy.

Ishan made a confuse face before asking,

"Why...I already said what you told me.." Ishan asked in confusion, not understanding other.

"What i mean is...stop with that sweet voice and pleading face, or else I will not able to stop myself from coming over there and Fucking you...." Shubman said in hoarse voice, staring right into Ishan's soul through phone screen.

Ishan's whole body trembled as he heard the strong need in other's voice, almost dropping the phone. His cheeks heated up, turning little pink.

"I'll call you later bye.."

Having said that, shubman ended the call, leaving a blushing ishan, staring at phone black screen. He raised his left hand and placed it on his chest.

"Calm down, idiot.." Ishan scolded while patting his heart, which is beating in a fast speed...In a hotel room, shubman sit on the couch, wearing a bored look on his face as he stare at the man sitting across himself.

After a whole minute of silence, the other man spoke first in a annoyed voice,

"Why did you call me here?" That man asked, while crossing his arms over chest.

To which shubman let out mocking scoff.

"Oh please drop this pretense, it's you who called me here,Dad.." Shubman replied.

Mr.Gill Cleared his throat feeling a little embarrassed as his son directly exposed him.

"So Where is the papers?" Shubman suddenly asked.

Mr.Gill stare at him, feeling confused.

"What papers?" Mr.gill asked back.

"The property papers...haven't you called me here, to disown me? So atleast i deserve my share of your assets..." Shubman replied with duh.

Mr.Gill become speechless, staring at him in disbelief. This fool is ready to break all the ties with him and his family, just for ishan?

"Are watching too many movies these days? And why do think that i will give you even a penny of my property after disowning you?" Mr.Gill asked with huff.

"Don't be so stingy Mr.Gill...are you going take that much property into your grave? " shubman asked back while raising an eyebrow at him.

Feeling offended by Shubman, Mr.gill glared at him.

"You come to Mr.Gill from dad, really quick huh and im not dying anytime soon, even if i did...i'd rather donate my property in charity then giving it to you!..." Mr.Gill shouted at him angrily.

"Whatever...just tell me why did you call me here and get over with it..after all it must be suffocating for you to breathe in same air as me..." Shubman said mockingly,

Mr.Gill took deep breaths to calm his anger down. He can't get angry now or else this will make things worse. Shubman's words are hurting him but he can't let shubman see that.

"Okay...after returning back I gave some thought to this matter, that's why i called you here..." Mr.Gill stopped in middle to look at Shubman's expression.

When he saw that shubman is giving him full attention, only then he continued,

"So Let me ask you this, Do You really think, Two men can spend their life together? Do this love really have any future? Everyone need a family, and scientifically its impossible for ishan to give you family...Can you really stay happy with him?"

Shubman heard Mr.Gill's every question with full focus. He then looked at his dad, understanding his concerns.

"I know dad, it's Kind of strange for you and I don't know about everyone but for me, I can spend my every life with this man only, With my ish. He completes me dad, I'm ready to fight for the future of our love, his love gave me strength to fight..." Shubman replied without any ounce of hesitation.

Mr.Gill didn't stopped him or interfered in between, letting Shubman to continue,

"You know dad, because of ishan I start to open up and become more expressive about my feelings. He makes me feel more alive...I can never leave me him dad..." Shubman words were filled with firm determination

"And what if i refu-" Mr.Gill's protest cut off by Shubman's next words.

"And about your last question, Believe me dad, you should be thankful that he is a man or else god knows how many grandchildren would have been playing in your lap, that too before our marriage..." Shubman completed calmly.

Mr.Gill stare at him in bewilderment, does he forget that he is sitting infront of his dad?

"SHAMELESS!! Do You think it's funny?!" Mr.Gill shouted in fury as he heard his son's shameless talks.

" And I'm Not Laughing, Dad" Shubman replied calmly.

Mr.Gill start feeling a headache coming because of all this. He massaged his head with his left hand.

"See, you are already old enough so stop stressed over small things and accept us, i mean you are only wasting your energy by opposing it because me, breaking up with ishan? Not happening, never...." Shubman said while shrugging, his shoulders.

Mr.Gill gave him a look before bending down and with a swift move he grabbed his slipper and throw it in Shubman's direction, who thankfully managed to dodge it on time.

"GET LOST! I had enough of your nonsense!!" Mr.Gill shouted once again.

Shubman stood up and straighten his shirt but instead of leaving from there he went Mr.Gill's side, who looked up at him with annoyance.

"Jokes apart, I really love him dad and it's impossible for me to choose between you two, I want both. If you want time to adjust, take as much as time you want....just don't neglect us completely...please,.." Shubman pleaded while taking Mr.Gill's hand in his own.

Shubman has always been a obedient child, he never disobeyed his parents and never asked for anything. This is the first time, he is asking something from his dad, it made Mr.Gill's anger reduced by a lot. After all Mr.Gill loves his son more than he show.

So after a moment of thinking, he said to shubman who was waiting hopefully.

"Hmm...I will think about it but you can't expect me to completely accept him just like that as i'm not used to this at all..." Mr.Gill said with sigh

A dimple smile broke on Shubman's face as he hugged his dad tightly, almost suffocating the poor man.

"It's more than enough dad...thank you so much for giving us a chance, i bet he will win your heart with his innocence and love..." Shubman said happily, still clinging to his dad.

"Enough... Now get off me, you are heavy...I can't breath!" Mr. Gill complained, pushing shubman away from himself.

Shubman smiled at him before standing properly once again.

"Okay then bye dad..." Shubman said and start walking towards door, only to come back running.

Mr.Gill stare at him in confusion and before he could process anything, shubman kissed his cheek and dashed out from his room.

"I LOVE YOU DAD!"

Mr.Gill heard shubman's shout coming from outside and shook his head as a small smile appeared on his face.

"It's been a while since i saw him this happy..." Mr.Gill muttered to himself....At the same time with ishan, he was laying on bed, staring at Ceiling blankly before sitting up with a loud huff. He took his phone and glared at it as shubman haven't called him even for once.

He stare at the wallpaper of his phone, it was his and Shubman's photo. He glared at Shubman's photo fiercely.

"Why are you not calling me?! You are so mean!" Ishan complained to Shubman's photo as if it could hear him.

Suddenly ishan heard someone,

"Just One day away from him and you have already gone mad?! Talking to photos like they can hear or say anything..."

Ishan turn to look at the person who just spoke and saw his dad standing on the door, who walked inside. Ishan put the phone away, not looking at his dad.

Mr.Kishan's eyes fell on the breakfast plate, which is still untouched by ishan before looking back at ishan.

"What's the meaning of all this? Are you a kid, throwing tantrums like this?" Mr.Kishan asked in a scolding tone.

Ishan didn't respond him to him at all, he just keep looking in opposite direction, making Mr.Kishan angry.

"Let me ask you this...what's so impressive about him? He is a man just like you...he don't even know how to talk with elders and he is even annoyingly stubborn...I don't understand why you like him..." Mr.kishan said angrily to him.

Ishan finally looked up at his dad, before replying,

"Dad you can't judge a person on the basis of first meet only...you know he is fully capable of taking me away from here with himself without anyone knowing but he don't want to upset you...that's why he letting me stay here with you,..."

Mr.Kishan took few deep breaths to calm his anger before staring at his son, who is looking like a dead body right now. Does shubman's absence made his son like this?

"Love between men don't have any future...do you think our society will accept this? And to how many people are you going explain your true love huh? Do you think it's that easy?" Mr.kishan asked, trying his best not sound harsh.

" I don't know anything dad... And I don't care about anyone else's opinion. It's my relationship, it's about my life...so it's my business not their and I love him dad, can't you open your mind to it and accept us?!" Ishan shouted feeling angry as his eyes turn teary.

"Accept this and watch you cry when society and every person around you will question your love and character? No, not happening..." Mr.Kishan replied firmly.

To which ishan felt out an chocked chuckle, while starting at his dad with his teary eyes.

"And right now, i'm not crying huh dad? See...am I looking happy to you? Please dad, atleast try to understand me and my feelings...." By now ishan was crying badly, making Mr.Kishan's turn his face other side.

"Ishu!...see-" Raj just entered the room while saying something stopped in mid sentence when his eyes fall on Their dad.

Mr.kishan turn behind and asked,

"What is it?! "

"Er...um...shubman is at reception to see ishan..." Raj said while looking between his dad and ishan.

Ishan who heard Shubman's name, didn't wasted even a second before running outside of room, Raj immediately followed him.

"Ishan come back right now!!" Mr.kishan shouted while running behind ishan, who ignored his shout completely.

______________________________________

Note:

Honestly i didn't wanted to post it today but as i have already this chapter written in draft so i decided to update it.

And important thing, i won't be able to update for few days as my Grandfather is no more, I will be busy with all those stuff. Hope you will wait for me.

Share your views on this chapter and vote for it.

See you soonPlease stay healthy everyone.