Chapter - 32
============

Author's POV**************

Shubman was walking in corridor after getting the room number from reception area. Then he saw a running figure coming in his direction.

Shubman frowned once he get the clear view of the teary eyed ishan running to him. He also took big strides approaching ishan.

Shubman stumbled a little as ishan throw himself on him, hugging him tightly. Shubman who has an concerned look on his face, hugged back the trembling boy in his arms, protectively.

Soon, two other people come running there, raj looked at them, felt bad for his brother, who is crying in Shubman's embrace, while Mr.Kishan just stare at them blankly.

"Why he is crying?" Shubman demanded in a deep voice, looking at other two.

As Raj also don't know the reason, so he turn to look at his dad, who didn't said anything.

"Ishan...leave him and come back to my side this instant!" Mr.kishan said sternly, ignoring Shubman's question.

The said man, pulled away from Shubman's embrace, still holding his hand before shaking his head in "no".

" No, I won't... " ishan said as his hold tightened around Shubman's elbow.

Mr.kishan sighed before taking a step forward and held ishan's other hand pulling him, who refused to leave Shubman's hand.

"Don't make me angry ishan, and move away from him..." Mr.kishan said while tugging ishan's hand harshly, unintentionally hurting him.

Ishan hissed, making shubman pull ishan's hand free from Mr.kishan's hold forcefully before looking at Mr.kishan with angry eyes.

"You doubted my love and care for your son...but what about you? Isn't he is crying because of you? Can you take care of him? I doubt it, because You are clearly hurting him...but I guess for you, your reputation matters more than your son's happiness..."

Shubman stated. Ishan half hide behind him, not wanting to go with his dad. Mr.kishan's eyes flickered at ishan's teary face before looking firmly at shubman.

"Shub please take me back with you...dad is not accepting us. I don't want to leave you...please take me back..." Ishan said while looking up at shubman with pleading eyes.

Mr.kishan glared at his son before huffing as he said in a little loud voice,

"You are not going anywhere ishan and that's final, so don't try to test me...come here quickly!!..."

Upon hearing him, ishan hides completely behind shubman, making Mr.kishan sigh in irritation.

Shubman half turned and stared at ishan who is looking so dull, not his usual cheerful self, he hates seeing ishan like this.

Actually he come here because, he just wanted to see ishan's face as he was missing other like crazy but now upon seeing his teary eyes, shubman just want to take him with himself and never let Mr.kishan take ishan away from him.

Seeing all this drama and choas, raj who was silent till now decided to speak as he take in their surrounding.

"Guys...we are in corridor, let's head to room and talk there, calmly... Okay?" Raj suggested.

Others also realised that Raj is right, so without any other exchange of words all of them went to Raj's and ishan's room as silence fall upon them.

"Ishan is coming with me..." Shubman said firmly, breaking the silence.

"Already give up? Didn't you said you are ready to fight for your love? Then what happened now?" Mr.kishan mocked, but there was slight disappointment in his tone.

"Dad don't talk to him like this-" ishan said meekly.

"Taking his side? So much love huh!! He can't even handle one obstacle and you think he can protect you from anything?!" Mr.kishan scolded his son before looking back to Shubman.

"Sorry to break this upto you, but you are not worthy of him! You can go now but alone..." Mr.kishan said firmly.

"Dad, You are being too harsh on them..." Raj let out, worried for couple.

Mr.kishan ignored his comment, seeing this Ishan was about to protest again but Shubman gave a assuring squeeze on Ishan's hand before looking back at Mr.kishan.

"I'm not running away or giving up on ish, like you are assuming. And I also didn't come here to upset you...I just wanted to see ish, as i was missing him. But now, i'm going to take him with me, because i won't let anyone including you, make him cry...." Shubman said calmly.

"And about proving myself, I will definitely do it and show you that nothing can stop me from taking care of your son forever. I will overcome every thorny path if at the end of it ishan waits for me...." Shubman finished.

Ishan was stunned as he stare at shubman, his lips trembling. While raj wanted nothing more than whistle and hoot loudly for Shubman.

"Anyone can say these words...who knows if your words can be trusted or not..." Mr.kishan commented.

"Yes you are right uncle but not everyone have courage in them...and I believe you can see in my eyes if i'm saying empty words or not..." Shubman replied.

Mr.kishan hates to admit but Shubman's eyes are showing stability and determination, making him rub his face in irritation.

For few moments, the room fell silent as everyone waited for Mr.kishan's next words. Mr.kishan looked at the couple with an unreadable look.

"Just go!...and if i saw any tears in his eyes because of you, I will break your all bones and turn them into powder... And i'm too not saying empty words..."

Mr.Kishan threatened Shubman while glaring at him as ishan froze for a good minute, not believing his ears. Raj immediately hugged Ishan, breaking his daze.

"D-dad...do you really mean it?" Ishan asked while stuttering,

Mr.kishan walked to him and caressed his head in a affectionate manner, looking at him with fond eyes.

"Hmm...I mean it, sorry for making you cry earlier. Seeing you happy is what matters the most..." Mr.kishan replied warmly.

Ishan let out a happy teary laugh before hugging his dad tightly. Raj also did the same while Shubman just stare at them with a small smile.

"Although i hate your guts, but still unfortunately you are my son's lover so come and join the hug..." Mr.kishan said while rolling his eyes at shubman.

"No-" shubman was about to deny politely but Mr.kishan cut him off.

"Join the hug or i'm changing my decision.. Now choose yourself..." Mr.kishan stated impatiently.

The next second, Raj and Ishan chuckled when Shubman hurriedly hugged them, not taking any chance....Mr.kishan was busy threatening shubman in every possible way, raj finally couldn't bear it and dragged him out, giving some private time to couple.

Shubman and Ishan stood there in silence, staring at each other. Suddenly shubman grabbed ishan by his arm and with a swift moment turn him around before slamming Ishan's back to his chest.

"What are you doing?!" Ishan asked, confused.

Shubman didn't said anything and caged other in his arms from behind, hiding his face in Ishan's shoulder blade.

"Let me stay like this for a moment...I missed holding you in my arms, you dad is so cruel, he didn't even think twice before taking you away from me..." Shubman couldn't help but complain like a spoiled kid, making ishan chuckle.

"Are you the same Shubman who was facing my dad fearlessly a while ago?" Ishan asked, half teasing and half amused.

Shubman bit Ishan's neck out of nowhere, making ishan hiss.

"Don't tease me..." Shubman said as he continue leaving slow and wet tiny kisses on his nape.

Ishan can feel the need in his kisses, he also want to be owned by shubman again so thinking like that he slowly turn around, now facing Shubman, whose hands are still placed on his waist.

He circled his arms around Shubman's neck, before leaning close to his ears.

"Take me home fast shub...I want to hold you close." Ishan whispered seductively, giving kitten lick to his earlobe.

Shubman's hold tightened around Ishan's waist as he closed his tightly, trying his best to stop himself from taking ishan right here and there.

"I hope you are aware that you are awaking a beast..." Shubman growled as his hot breath burn Ishan's skin.

"And i'm ready to be your prey..." Ishan replied in a needy voice.

Shubman cursed under his breath before pushing Ishan away, who looked a little confuse.

"I'm giving you 10 minutes, pack your things and if you delayed then i won't think twice before Fucking you right here..."

Having said that shubman quickly left the room, afraid of loosing his control while Ishan stood there with a flushed face.

"Thankfully, I never unpacked my luggage or else it was impossible to pack all clothes within just 10 minutes..." Ishan muttered to himself, as his graze fall on his suitcase which was placed by cupboard side.

He took the suitcase and exited the room before walking to reception area, upon reaching there, he frowned a little as he saw two other people with Shubman. raj and Mr.kishan there  too, with their suitcase.

"Dad..bhaiya, where are you both going?" Ishan asked, approaching them.

"Patna...Your mom also have right to know about this...." Mr.kishan replied.

Ishan once again became anxious, worried about how his mom will react to all this.

"Don't worry...me and dad will handle everything there, you just focus on world cup..." Raj said while patting his shoulder.

"Yes...and don't you dare lay your hands on my son, starting from today to world cup series ends..." Mr.Kishan warned shubman. His face twisted as he still remember that dressing room incident.

"Dad!! Not again please..." Raj sighed, done with his dad's antics.

Ishan cleared his throat, looking here and there while shubman just smirked mentally before giving an innocent nod.

"Only if you knew uncle..." Shubman chuckled as he thought in his mind.

"Let's go guys..." Ishan urged them

And with that, they checked out from hotel before going different ways....Right now both of them are in car, heading to ICT Apartment, Shubman has already informed other members about it.

He stare at ishan who is looking outside of car window, lost somewhere. He used his left hand to touch Ishan's thigh, bringing other out of his thoughts.

"What you thinking ish? " He asked.

To which ishan let out a depressing sigh, causing him to frown in confusion.

"You should be happy that your dad has accepted us...so why this depressed sigh?" He asked once again.

"I'm happy about that but it's not only about my dad's acceptance, what about your dad? Seeing his anger yesterday, i don't think he will accept me..." Ishan expressed his worry,

Only then shubman realised that, between all that choas he actually forget to tell Ishan about his meeting with his dad.

"About that...today i come to meet you because of two reasons first, I was missing you and second, remember i told you in morning that i'm going to meet my friend? It was my dad not any friend. He called me talk about all this...and after some emotional blackmail for *I never asked for anything from you* , he somehow become ready to give us a chance..."

Shubman finished explaining everything, and let out a low laugh as he saw Ishan's surprised big eyes, filled with disbelief.

"You...you are not kidding right? I mean not saying all this just to keep my heart right?" Ishan asked, not believing while shaking shubman.

"Calm down...i'm driving ish, stop shaking me. " Shubman reminded, making ishan let go of him.

"And no i'm not kidding...he said that, he need time to adjust to it..but what matters more is he is ready to give us a chance..." He continued.

A beautiful smile bloomed on Ishan's face. Finally everything falling back on right place, no more pain of separation, no more fear of being judged by their family and about society? They can kindly fuck off!!

Ishan gave a blinding smile to Shubman, who immediately turn his attention to road. Ishan then take out his head out of car window as wind caressed his face.

"I'M HAPPIEST TODAY!!..." He shouted at the top of his lungs, while giggling loudly.

Shubman stare at him fondly before pulling his hand, making ishan look back at him.

"Sit properly ish...it's dangerous to stick your head out like this..." Shubman gently said.

And ishan didn't protest even for a second as he immediately sit properly, leaning back on his seat, smile never leaving his face, Shubman also has a content smile on his face.

"Nothing matters now as We have each other for forever..." Both of them thought at the same time.

_______________________________________Note :

Here is the next update, although i'm still busy with rituals but i also need to think about my lovely readers so I decided to update.

I wrote it in hurry, so there might be some mistakes, forgive me for that.

And please share your view on this chapter and vote for it.

One more thing, this book has only chapter left after that i will end this book.

See you soonTill then stay happy and healthy.