Chapter - 33 ( End )
====================

Author's POV**************

Shubmanparked the car infront of ICT Apartment as both of them get down from car. Shubman held ishan's hand as they shared a smile before walking towards the entrance.

But both of them frowned when they find the door locked from inside. Shubman ring the bell few times, after five minutes, the door was finally opened, loud cheering and hooting soon followed.

"WELCOME HOME!!"

There stood whole ICT team, giving wide smile with Abhishek and Mayank who shot glitter bombs, welcoming them wholeheartedly.

There was big "welcome home" balloons are decorated infront of couch and a big welcome written with flowers at door step.

( Like this )

Ishan stare at decoration with surprised eyes and mouth opened in awe. He then turn to look at shubman, who stare back at him and by his look, ishan can tell that other also didn't know about this.

Ishan was about to run inside and hug all of them for this beautiful surprise but Everyone shouted, halting his step in air.

"DON'T COME INSIDE!!"

"But...why?" A little startled ishan asked, while Shubman knitted his eyebrows as well.

"Rohit go and get it quickly before ishan step inside. That boy is damn impatient..." Virat urged rohit, who hurriedly went in kitchen direction to fetch something.

"Please wait a bit..." Hardik said while giving a clumsy smile to ishan and Shubman.

"What are you guys playing at?" Shubman asked, not understanding anything.

Suddenly ishan held his hand, making shubman look at ishan, who pointed in a direction from where rohit is coming with "Aarti ki thal"

Rohit stood infront of them as other members also stand behind him. Rohit gesture them to bend a little as he put the tika on their forehead before sprinkling some flowers at them. He then rotate the thal three times infront of couple, finally giving them way to enter.

"We didn't come after getting married you know?" Shubman said as couple walked inside in sync while holding hands.

"Yes but you both sure returned after winning a war as getting your fathers acceptance is no less than winning a war, so virat told to me to do this..." Rohit replied while putting that aarti thal away.

"Thankyou guys for such warm welcome, I was away for only one and half days but it felt like one year...missed you all, my second family" Ishan expressed while feeling a little emotional, causing everyone to coo at boy.

"Finally my baby is back...come give me a hug.." Mayank exclaimed dramatically, breaking the emotional atmosphere While others just chuckle at his antics.

Mayank then rushed to hug ishan, only to end up hugged the empty air. He glared at shubman who was standing while holding ishan in bridal style.

"Hey...what do you think you are doing?" Mayank asked while huffing.

"Firstly, He is not your baby got it...dare to call him that again and next day people won't able to find you ever again...and lastly who said you can even touch him, let alone hugging? " Shubman hissed irritatedly at him.

To which mayank let out a snort at Shubman's possessiveness but didn't said anything. He suddenly felt a hand wrapped around his shoulder and turn to look at the owner of hand.

"Don't be sad...I won't stop you from hugging me...hug me as much as you want..." Abhishek said while giving him a teasing smile.

"Aww...really?!" Mayank asked in extra sweet voice.

Abhishek nodded, mayank gave him a tight lipped smile before stomping abhishek feet hardly, making other let out a painful yelp, moving two step away from him.

"Fuck off..." Mayank cursed, annoyed.

Abhishek sulked being scolded by mayank. He was just teasing why other get so agitated?. While other just stare amusingly at the bickering duo.

Ishan patted Shubman's chest to let him down but Shubman didn't do it, he put his lips near ishan's ear.

"The beast inside me is hungry and don't have great patience level, Remember you wanted to hold me close..." Shubman whispered making ishan turn all red.

"But let me get my luggage from car first..put me down shub..." Ishan tried to reason with him in hush tone.

"We can get that later....I'm loosing my control ish..." Shubman replied impatiently in his ear, making ishan embarrassed.

Other members shared a look among themselves while looking at couple's interaction before shouting,

"Oh please...Get a room guys!!..."

Everyone shouted in unison.

Ishan become more embarrassed as he hid his face in Shubman's chest.

"We were about to get one...no need to remind us.."

Shubman commented shamelessly before start walking toward stairs with ishan in his hold, who wanted more then to dig a hole and hide inside it.

"Your bestfriend sure is shameless...just like you.." Mayank throw the comment with a scoff.

"Woah- why drag me in dirt too?!" Abhishek exclaimed feeling wronged by other.

Mayank ignored his whines and walked to members who seems between some serious conversation. Abhishek followed too.

"What are you guys talking about so seriously?" Abhishek asked.

"We are deciding, where to stay for today..." Jadeja replied, making abhishek and mayank more confused.

"What we mean is...we cherish our ears and don't want to suffer once again because of your horny bestfriend... So we are going out for today..." Rohit explained.

It took few minutes before mayank and abhishek understood the meaning of all this and become a little embarrassed.

"How about my place,..you all are welcome there..." Abhishek suggested while clearing his throat.

Everyone immediately agreed to offer and not wanting to stay there any longer all of them hurriedly left the apartment with abhishek....The first thing shubman did after reaching there room, was pinning Ishan on closed door before attacking his lips like a hungry animal.

Ishan let out a throaty moan at the aggression of kiss as he wrapped his arms around Shubman's neck. Shubman's hot tongue intertwined with ishan tongue, sucking on it greedily.

"Umm...hmm.." Ishan moaned softly as Shubman's hand slipped inside his tshirt, caressing his bare back.

Both of their lips remained pressed together as they kissed each other like there is no tomorrow. Shubman then left his lips only to dive in on Ishan's neck, sucking and biting there.

"Don't... Don't bite shub, it will leave marks..." Ishan said while moaning a little.

"Then let the world know, who you actually belongs to..." Shubman husked against his neck, giving pleasurable shivers to ishan.

He keep abusing Ishan's neck as his hand roamed on Ishan's bare body, under his tshirt. Ishan become moaning mess,tilting his head other way to give more access to Shubman.

"Ah..ah-shub.." Ishan hissed while moaning when shubman bit his earlobe, licking it afterward.

Shubman groaned at the melodious moan as he breath Ishan's scent in. He never knew that a man's voice can arouse this much desire in him. He is getting more addicted to Ishan and everything thing about the said boy.

Shubman hurriedly walked to their joint bed and thew ishan on bed before hovering over the shorter male, Ishan stare in Shubman's dark eyes which are filled with need and love.

"Don't stare me like that baby...you have already seduced me enough, if you keep looking at me with those hooded eyes...I might take you aggressively and forcefully like some fierce beast..." Shubman warned as his hot breath washed over Ishan's face, heating his whole body.

Ishan heart skipped a beat but he didn't stop staring at shubman, making other loose his sanity. Shubman without wasting a second ripped Ishan's shirt along with his pants and underwear, leaving him all naked to his eyes.

This all happened so fast that ishan didn't even realised that other has stripped him naked with in a few minutes. Shubman stare at the boy under him and licked his lips like hungry animal as his eyes roamed on ishan's naked body.

He then bent over before smashing his lips against Ishan's once again, hungrily and greedily. Ishan patted his shoulder, because of lack of oxygen only then shubman pulled apart.

Shubman looked at how Ishan's chest was rising and falling because of breathing heavily. He lowered himself and give a wet lick on Ishan's left nipple, making ishan jolt.

He smirked in satisfaction before giving few more licks to it then he take it whole in mouth and start sucking and biting on it.

Ishan threw his head back, feeling overwhelming pleasure, he held bed sheet tightly, arching his back, biting his lips to stop the loud moans.

"Ahhh...don't bite!!" Suddenly ishan shouted when shubman bite hardly on his nipple.

To which shubman looked at him,mouth still busy sucking the life out of that bud.

"Then stop suppressing those moans sweetheart.... I want to hear them," shubman said before doing same with Ishan's other nipple.

Shubman then straightened and quickly undressed himself completely, feeling impatient to feel ishan, skin to skin without any barrier of clothes.

He hovered over the Ishan once again and start kissing his bare upper body, covering his whole upper body with his marks, before pulling away.

"Can I do it without preparing you today?" Shubman asked as he stare at the ruin state of Ishan.

Although ishan know it will hurt him like crazy but still nodded his head in agreement, for shubman, he can withstand any pain.

"Really? I mean it will hurt you...can you bear it?" Shubman asked again, feeling a little concerned.

Ishan gave a fond smile to him, no matter what, Shubman always put him above than anything else and this is what made ishan love other crazily.

"I can bear it...just hold me close.." Ishan assured him while giving a long peck on him lips.

Shubman nodded and although he said about not preparing ishan, he still used his fingers to massage around Ishan's hole to loosen the muscles a bit.

After a while he hugged ishan tightly as he slowly start pushing himself inside Ishan, who closed his tightly, digging nails in Shubman's shoulder.

"Ahhh..." Ishan screamed a little in pain as tears rolled down from his closed eyes.

Shubman kissed those tears away before kissing Ishan's whole face to divert his attention from pain, he pressed his lips on Ishan's kissing him softly and gently.

"Is it hurting too much?" Shubman asked.

"A little..." Ishan replied weakly, tried to smile.

He didn't move as he don't want to cause more pain to ishan, so he gave him as much as time other need to adjust while he was busy kissing ishan to reduce the pain.

"You..c-can move now..." After a while ishan said while looking at shubman.

Shubman then slowly start moving inside Ishan, not going to rough in start. After few minutes his thrusts picked up the pace, thrusting fastly inside Ishan's hole, making ishan moan like crazy.

"Shit- you feels too good baby..." Shubman groaned as Ishan's warm insides clenched tightly around his member.

Ishan pulled shubman more close to himself and wrapped himself completely on him as his body rocked back and forth because of Shubman's hard and aggressive thrusts.

"Ahh...shub...ah-ngh.." Ishan keep moaning helplessly as shubman penetrate deep inside his hole.

Shubman's nail digged in Ishan's waist as he gripped tightly on it while thrusting in a inhuman speed. Whole room was filled with their heavy breathing and smell of sweat and sex.

"Shub...I can't.. Can't take it anymore..i'm cumming.." Ishan said between his moans.

"Let's cum together baby..." Shubman said in his ear while increasing the speed of thrusting.

It only took few more thrust before shubman cummed inside ishan while ishan, on his stomach. Ishan can feel the warmth of Shubman's hot cum inside himself.

Shubman fall over ishan, laying on him as both of them start catching there breath after their make love session.

"No matter how many times i make love to you...it still feels like first time..." Shubman commented once his breathing stabilized.

Ishan hummed as he is feeling tired, shubman then get up and cleaned ishan and himself before cuddling to each other, still naked under the sheets.

Shubman was playing with Ishan's fingers as other was snuggling to his wide and hard chest.

"Ish...do you believe in destiny?" Out of nowhere shubman asked.

"Not really..." Ishan replied, A little confused by question.

Shubman let out a low laugh before saying,

"Me neither, but i guess now i'm starting to believe in it..."

Ishan put his chin on Shubman's chest and looked at his face.

"And why is that?" He asked curiously.

To which shubman looked deep in Ishan's eyes before gently pinching his chin.

"Because i would have found you...it was the matter ofwhennotif. Because i strongly believe that you were, are and will always be onlyMine to claim..." Shubman replied in deep voice.

"Hmm...i'm always your to Claim.." Ishan replied with a beautiful smile.

Shubman chuckled before pulling ishan for a sweet kiss, who wrapped his arms around shubman and kissed other back.

"It's all started with you and me...but ended withUS..."

_______________________________________

Note :

So here is last chapter of this book.

I'm not good with ending so please don't mind this boring chapter. It's still hard believe that finally this book is ending. I'm very attracted to it as it's my first book.

I would like to thank you all for showing this much love to my book.

And don't forget to share your views on it and please vote for it.

In few days, i'm going back to delhi so after that i will able to update frequently like before.

See you soon with my new book and new chapter.