Hello!

This is my first story ever so I hope that you can enjoy this.

I don't know how often i have a chance to update this, but i will try my best

English is not my first language so mistakes will be made you can alwats correct me!

I wanted to write something that is not so sad and depressed because I personally don't like that very much.

But i hope you will enjoy this story and please give me feedback I would appreciate it very much.

Now enjoy the story!!

"I don't love you anymore. I want to break up." Charlottes words play on repeat in Charles' mind. His mouth is ajar because of the shook that came with the words.

"What happened? Yesterday everything was fine and we even spoke about booking a romantic trip to Paris" Charles was now confused and a little mad.

"I just don't love you anymore and I want to explore the world on my own. You are never home anyway and it's hard for me" charlotte says so quietly that Charles bearly hears her.

"I have been thinking this for few weeks now" Charlotte ads.

"But what about everything that we have experienced together and all the love that once was there it can't just disapear like that." Charles almost shouts. What the fuck happened to them. He is angry and sad but deep down he was feeling the same way as Charlotte, but he wouldn't dare to admit that, not in front of her.

"But if you think that is what you want and need I will not be in your way. Charles sighs.

Charlotte can see in Charles eyes that this hurts him, but she can't live her life like this. She has noticed that Charles has became a bit distant torwards her but hasn't had the heart to talk about it to Charles who has had a hard time recently. "Maybe we are ment to be, but this was just the right pearson but wrong time and we realise after a few years that we still want and need eachother. But now I just need time on my own. People fall out of love sometimes." Charlotte assures and Charles can see that she means the last part but he does not belive that this was "right pearson wrong time" situation.

"Well if that is the case you have one hour to collect your things and get out of here. I will go to a walk or something. Everything you leave here I will throw away. I will talk to Ferrrari and post a statement about our breakup and hope that you will too. I'll send you what to write later" Charles says coldly.

"You also have to leave your keys to my house here" Charles adds. He gets up from the couch that he was sitting in grabs his keys and heads torwards the front door.

" I guess this is a goodbye for now. We will see each other around here in Monaco" Charlotte smiles sadly.

"yeah" Charles sighs. He quickly puts shoes on and leaves the apartment. 'Where the hell should I go now' Charles thoughts as he is walking down the stairs. Fortunately it was late august and still warm outside so charles decides to head to a little walk around the beautiful Monte Carlo.

He passes a store and decides to buy some ice cream even though it's race week and he will be flying out to Belgium in few days. He buys some cookie dough ice cream and then heads back home hoping that Charlotte had left already.

In the lobby Charles sees Lando leaving the building.

Lando stops as he sees a little sad looking Charles. "Hey is everything okay?" Lando carefully asks.

"Yep all good" Charles assures, forces a little smile and walks torwards the elevator.

Charles pov:

After last night everything actually felt good. Maybe it was because I had decided to not think about the break up. Instead I was preparing for the season to continue after summer break.

I had messaged to ferrari about it and they had sent me what to write on my instagram so I had written a short statement about it and then closed my phone. I didn't want to speak about it with anyone instead I chose to think about the tiny chance I still had to win the Championship.

I was going to travel to Spa tomorrow and fly in Max's private jet with Max, Lando, Daniel and Alex. It was nice to finally see my friends and chat about everything that was going on, but I also wanted to be alone. But for now I didn't want to think about tomorrow I needed to go to gym and maybe also go runnung because after all I had eaten a whole bucket of ice cream yesterday while watching some stupid show.

My phone started ringing. I groaned. I didn't want to look who it was but something inside of me said that it might be important. it was Arthur my brother so not important. I still answered.

"What Arthur" I said maybe in a little bit too angry tone in my voice.

"Wow Charles i havn't done anything!" Arthur defended. "I was just calling because me and mom saw your instagram and she was worried because she thought everything was going great with you two" Arthur said.

I was angry. I didn't want to speak about this, but i had to say something. I decided to tell the truth. "Well I thought so too but yesterday she said that she doesn't love me anymore. end of story" I sighed. "I don't really want to talk about this."

"We are so sorry it must be hard for you but you will get thru this." Now it was my mom that spoke.

"I'm actually feeling great but yeah I will get thru this. I have to go to the gym now and pack my bags and Atrhur should too" I said. "I love you mom and will see you next week" I added and smiled a little sadly.

"I love you too. Take care of yourself" mom said.

"What about me? Don't you love me?" Arthur said dramatically.

I laughed "yeah yeah I love you too" I said laughing and then finished the phone call.

Max's pov:

"holy shit didn't see that coming" I mumbled. I was watching Charles Instagram story and the statement about him and Charlotte. I never liked Charlotte tbh.

I had recently also broken up with Kelly. I don't even know if I ever loved her like that. She gave me comfort and was a really nice person and we always had a great time but nothing more. I guess I didn't broke up with her earlier because I loved Penelope. But we kinda grew apart with Kelly and we are still great friends. But I had always had a tiny crush on Charles, I knew he wasn't into men but I always had tiny hope that maybe some day we could be together. Maybe I now have a chance with him i Thought.

"No Max get your self together Charles must be having hard time now and I am just thinking if I now have a chance with him" I spoke to myself.

I decided that the one thing I could do was send a text to Charles. After all we are Great Friends maybe even Best friends. I was thinking about what to write because Charles had asked for privacy and I wanted to give it to him and not seem too curious. I sent simple'hi I heard about what happened. If you want to talk I will always listen!'

Not too long after he responded'yeah thanks Max!'

Charles pov:

It was wednesday morning. I was woken up by someone banging  on my apartment door. I slowly open my eyes. There were some dark clouds and rain was falling from the sky. It was looking like a dark day. Then I finally looked at the time.

"Shit shit shit!" I cursed. It was already 10am and The flight was supposed to leave at nine thirty. I ran to the door and openned it. Max was standing there looking a little angry.

"I'm so so sorry I overslept, give me five minutes" I said and ran back to get my belongings. I was hurrying so i didn't see how Max stared at me when I finally came back with my luggage.

"I'm ready we can go now!" I was out of breath.

"You sure that you want to leave shirtless and with your pj shorts" Max Laughed at me.

"Fuck I'm stupid!" Now I was running again to my bedroom to change. When I was finaly ready we headed torwards Max's car. It was now pouring rain. We were both completely wet when we finally made it inside the airport.

"We don't have to run, It's private jet remember Charles" Max reassured me and chuckeld a little.

"Are the others there waiting for us in the plane?" I asked.

"Yeah. By the way you have to deal with them laughing at you by yourself because you forgot to put an alarm" Max said. I groaned. I knew they were going to question me about the break up and now this. I must be the most unlucky guy ever. Max seemed to noticed that I got quiet and was deep in my thoughts.

"Is everything okay Charles, you can talk to me" Max asked a little worried.

"yeah I'm fine I guess. Just don't have the energy to answer any questions" I sighed not really knowing the real answere.

"Okay but make sure to talk to me if something is wrong" Max smiled at me. It made me blush slightly and I had a weird feeling in my stomach, but decided to ignore it for know. It was just nice thinking that someone actually might care about me.

we were finally at the jet and someone took my luggage. We stepped inside the plane and I could feel many eyes looking at me.

"Yeah yeah i overslept I'm stupid I know. I missed you mates I will make it up for you someday" I laughed and all the others started to laugh as well. I went to sit next to a window and Max came to sit next to me. I was Still feeling kinda tired.

"Well nice to see you Charles now is there something you might want to talk about with us?" lando asked. Alex hit him.

"Lando you can't ask that!" He said in disbelief.

"But it's true you guys just said that you want to know what happened with Charles and Char..." Lando couldn't finish the sentence when daniel stopped him.

"Lando!! You need to learn how to shut up sometimes" daniel shaked his head.

"But yeah we were wondering what happened to you two" Daniel continued. I sighed. I knew i had to say something to them.

"Well now that lando asked so nicely" I laughed. " she told me she doesn't love me anymore and She wants to explore the world on her own" I rolled my eyes and fought back some tears. Max clearly saw that.

"I'm so sorry Charles" Alex said and the others agreed.

"yeah well I guess I had started to loose my feelings for her as well but now I'm single and kinda happy about that also" I smiled a little.

"Well you're not the only one that is single remember me and Max are also single so you don't have to be alone" Lando said happily. I laughed.

"Thanks that made me feel little better really, not that I was sad or angry in some point" I said now genuinely smiling. we started to chat about the summer holiday and how we were excited to be back to racing. The plane took off and because of the bad weather it wasn't very smooth. I was gripping to my seat when Max took my hand and squeezed it.

"everything is okay. You don't have to worry" he said and smiled. I smiled back.

When we were above the clouds he took his hand away and I was little sad. The touch felt good but i was too tired to think about it. I tried to fight the sleep but couldn't anymore and fell asleep.

Max's pov:

Charles fell asleep on my shoulder. He looks so cute sleeping there. Maybe he needed the sleep this morning too. Lando walked to where I was sitting.

"I think he is not okay. We need to keep an eye on him this weekend" Lando said little worried.

"Yeah I was thinking the same. Maybe we should ask Arthur about it, maybe he knows something more" I suggested.

"Yeah I will send a text to arthur" Lando said and walked away.

In the same time my phone beeped. Daniel had sent me a photo of Charles sleeping His head on my shoulder. I smiled.

About an hour later Charles woke up. He looked like an absolute wreck. I lauhed at him a little.

"What are you laughing at" Charles asked still little sleepy.

"Nothing" I said grinning.

"Oh nice" He groaned. Then he stood up and went to the bathroom. When he Came back he had a whole breakfast with him. He had also fixed his hair.

"Stop looking I'm hungry. And never laugh about my hair ever again when yours looks like that" He laughed. I took my phone right away and opened the camera.

"there is nothing wrong with my hair" I said confused.

"You sure?" he asked mouth full of food. I punched him in the arm.

"Oi oi stop that lovers" Alex laughed at us. We both sarted to laugh. The rest of the flight went smoothly all of us Playing a little Mario cart.

Charles pov:

It was now Friday and the paddock was filling up with people. I knew that this was probably the last race where if I won I could still have a tiny chance with the WDC. I had decided to stop following anythin that related to Charlotte in any way. I needed to concentrate to myself like Charlotte did. I was feeling confident and the first two Practices showed that.

"Hey great pace today!" Lando exclamed to me.

"Yeah I really need it if I still want to win" I said.

I was heading torwards the breafing before I could go to the hotel. I heard someone yelling behind me.

"Hey Charles!" Max yelled at me and I turned to see Max running torwards me.

"Hey Max" I smiled.

"I heard you also have an engine penalty for the race" Max said.

"Yeah to be honest our engine seems to be kinda shitty" I sighed.

"Well I don't want to comment on that but I was wondering If you wanted to do something Tonight after the breafing. I really don't want to see my dad" Max laughed.

"Yeah sure I thought I'd go for a run with Arthur but I can do something with you after that. Do you have something in mind?" I asked

"I was thinkin maybe eating somethimg local" Max suggested.

"Sounds good I will text you when I'm ready. But now I really have to go or I'll be late" I said.

"Yeah great see you tonight!" Max answered and started to walk torwards Redbull's hospitality.

I couldn't really concentrate on the Briefing. I was thinking about everything else. Carlos seemed to notice that and kicked me under the table.

"Charles focus or we don't get out of here like ever" Carlos whispered.

"yea sorry" I whispered back. Now we were speaking about qualifying strategy so it was good that I was paying attention. After that we were ready and me and Carlos headed torwards the Hotel. We chatted about our break and did maybe a little shit talking as well.

My run with Arthur was good and we chatted about his race as well as mine too. I also gave him some tips.

"So Charles are you really okay after the break up. It was kinda bad timing because of the tripple header" Arthur asked me.

"Why does everyone ask me if I'm okay. Do I look like I'm feeling shit or something because I'm totally fine" I answered kinda rudely.

"Well you have been little more mad than usual so I was just checking because I'm a good brother" Atrhur defended.

"You are the best brother I could ask for so trust me I'm doing great" I assured.

"Well great then. Do you want to get something to eat after shower?" Arthur asked.

"Sorry but already promissed Max that I would get food with him" I told.

"Okay no worries I will ask Oliver or Jack then" Arthur smiled to me and we both went to get a shower. After that I texted Max that I'm ready and he told me to meet him at the lobby.

Max's pov:

I had been waiting for Charles to be ready. For some reason I couldn't bring myself to do anything useful. When he finally texted me that he was ready I rushed to the bathroom to check how I looked.

"Easy Max we are just going to get some food. This is not a date" I had to remind myself about that. Then I left to the lobby. I didn't have to be nervous, we are best mates after all. When I spotted Charles I had to control myself because he looked so hot just standing there and looking at his phone. Then he Lifted his head and smiled at me.

"So where are we going I'm really hungry" charles asked me smiling.

"Well traditional Belgian food is really disgusting in my oppinion so how about some tacos?" I suggested.

"I love tacos so that sounds great" Charles sounded excited. we started walking torwards the restaurant in downtown. We were chatting about the upcoming race and what we were going to do after the tripple header.

When we finally made it to the taco place it was almost completely full of people.

"Are you sure that we should go there. We might not get the opportunity to eat considering our career choices" Charles laughed.

"Don't worry I know the owner so we will get to eat in peace" I said. We walked inside and I greeted the owner who came to us and took us to little private booth in the back were the staff were the only people who could enter there. I thanked the owner.

"So what should I eat. I know you will have something in mind already" Charles asked.

"You should get the number 16" I laughed and Charles nodded amusedly. When the waiter came to take our orders I ordered two number 16 and two alcohol free beers. The food was delicious and Charles insisted that he should pay. I finally let him do that.

"I have probably never had such good tacos" Charles said.

"Well they are the best but don't tell Checo that" I said seriously.

"But we have to get some dessert even tho it's race weekend but Belgian desserts are the best"

"Yeah can we get the waffles?" Charles asked making puppy eyes and the laughing, I couldn't say no to that. We walked to some small Waffle stand.

"I don't know if i can eat the whole waffle, I will be like ten kilos overweight tomorrow" Charles laughed.

"We can get one and share it" I suggested and Charles agreed. We got one with strawberrys, rasberrys and whip cream. I also asked for two cutlerys wich the lady gladly gave me. We sat on top of some wall and ate in silence. After eating we started to walk back to the hotel.

"This was probably the best food I have eaten in a while. Charlotte never wanted to eat something like this. She always wanted something fancy" Charles said and then realised what he had said and his face went to full ferrari.

"Yeah I don't even know when I was last eating outside" I laughed.

"Well we should definitely do this again in Italy so I can feed you proper Italian food" Charles said. "But maybe not till after the race" Charles suggested.

"Sounds good to me" I said smiling. It had been probably the best night I had had In a while.  We had finally came back to the hotel and we headed torwards the elevator. Turns out our rooms were next to each other.

"Good night see you tomorrow when I beat your ass on track" Charles said and laughed.

"Yeah we will see about that. Good night" I said before going to my room. God how I wanted to kiss that face. My thoughts were running like crazy so I went to take a shower to calm them.

Charles pov:

I felt a weird feeling in my stomach again. Maybe I was starting to catch feelings.

"God no Charles you don't like men. It was just normal night eating with your best mate" I reassured myself. But what if I liked men. Oh god. I went to shower. I heard that the shower next to my room was also running. I couldn't help but think about how I would like to shower together with him. Maybe I was into men after all.

Max pov:

I had seen a dream about Charles and I don't know if I can ever look at him repectfully. First I couldn't sleep and then that dream. We had made out on the Monza podium. I don't know if I can step onto that podium ever again. It would be fun recreate that dream in real life tho.

The third practice was good and I was now Heading torwards the Red Bull's facilities to eat lunch before qualifying.

"Hey Max" I heard Lando shout and I turned to see him running torwards me.

"Whats up" I asked.

"Arthur answered me about Charles last night and I wanted to talk to you about it in person" Lando said.

"Oh don't tell me it's something really bad" I was worried.

"Well Arthur said that he is ignoring his feelings and wants to forget Charlotte so he can concentrate on racing" Lando answered.

"Well that will not end well. I could try to speak to him about this, maybe sunday after the race" I suggested.

"Yep sounds good. See you later" Lando said and left. I went to eat.

The qualifying was great. At least for me. I was like half a second quicker than Carlos who came second and almos second quicker than Charles who was fourth. How ever me and Charles were going to start p14 and p15 due to our engine penaltys so it was going to be tight race. After the debrief I finally was able to go back to the hotel. I had not seen Charles all day. I was kinda worried about him but reassured myself that he is fine and probably somwhere with Pierre or Arthur or maybe Carlos.

Charles pov:

Today was not very good day for me but I was still starting next to Max tomorrow. I had been trying to avoid him today. I had not been able to sleep properly because I was thinking about him. I had decided to ask Pierre for help. I was not good at these type of situations. I heard a knock at my hotel room door and went to open it.

"Hi Charlie!" Pierre greeted me happily. "What did you want to talk about with me?" He asked. We sat down on my bed. I siged, this was not easy.

"So I don't really know how to talk about this" I was moving nervously.

"It can't be that bad, you can tell me anything" He assured me.

"I think I might like Max" I said so quietly that he bearly heard me.

"Oh Charlie" He said and hugged me. I had started to cry without even realising that.

"It's okay I support you no matter what and I know that everyone else will too" he said almos crying himself.

"But what if he doesn't like me" I was now fully crying. "I'm scared. What happened to me."

"Charles I know that he likes you. He always looks at you so happily and he adores you. You don't have to be scared, but I'm so happy that you told me this and you showed that you really trust me" pierre said now also crying.

"What have we done that we are both over twenty  crying and hugging" I laughed.

"I don't know" Pierre laughed. "But are you sure that your feelings have nothing to do with the Break up that you just had?" Pierre asked.

"Yeah. I think that I have always liked him. I just had a phase where I loved her. But I don't wan't to talk about Charlotte I'm totally over her" I assured.

"Okay if you say so I belive you. But now should we do something before going to sleep?" Pierre suggested.

"Oh should we go get facials in the spa. I heard that Carlos and Caco went there yesterday and Carlos's skin was glowing today. I would also like to relax before tomorrow" I said.

"Sure that could be fun. Should we ask Arthur to join us?" Pierre Asked.

"Yeah sure I'll call him" I said.

After that we went to the spa and it was awsome. I probably fell asleep while face massage. We all thought that we have to do this more often. We were so relaxed after that. I was happily walking thru the hallways in my bathrobe when I literally bumped into Max and fell to the ground. Shit.

"Oh I'm so sorry I didn't see you" He said and gave me his hand so I could get up.

"Your face is glowing. Where were you?" he asked. I was now also bright red.

"I was at the spa with Pierre and Arthur getting a facial" I said shyly.

"Oh that sounds nice" He said.

"Yeah it was. Where are you going?" I asked.

"I'm heading to the store, I was craving a smoothie" he answered.

"Could you bring one for me also? I'm a bit hungry and really tired so I don't feel like going there myself" I asked.

"Sure no problem, do you want something else?" He asked.

"Hmm, could you also bring some small yogurt?" I smiled.

"Sure, i'll bring it to you in like twenty minutes" He said smiling back.

"You're an angel thank you" I said.

"No problem" he said and left.

I was now laying in my bed with only my pj shorts. I had took a shower and now I was watching some Belgian tv show. I heard few knocks at the door and went to open it.

"So here is your food" Max said and gave me my food.

"Thank you! I will pay you back sometime" I assured.

"Don't worry about that" He smiled.

"I will. But good night and see you tomorrow!" I said.

"Good night Charles"

Oh god how badly I wanted to kiss him. Maybe I will get the courage to do that some day.

Max pov:

It took me all my self control to not kiss Charles. He looked so hot standing there shirtless. I caught myself thinkin the dream from last night. I have to do something about this but what. I sighed. Maybe I should try slow approaching.

"Fuck" I groaned and went to drink my smoothie.

Charles pov:

I was feeling good. I slept well I was happy, everything was great. The smoothie I drank last night was amazing and I had to thank Max for it later. I was feeling good and ready to fight for the win.

I was just stepping out of the hotel room when I saw Max Getting in the elevattor.

"Max can you hold the elevator for me" I yelled at him. He igmored me and the doors closed just in front of me.

"Fucking idiot!" I cursed, and just like that my mood was ruined. I started to climb down the stairs. When I made it to the breakfast room I was really pissed. I saw pierre and went to him.

"Wow Charles, it's not even ten am and you are already looking like your car exploded" he said to me.

"Thanks mate" I smiled and we went to get breakfast. When I was getting eggs I saw Max. I was still angry at him so i bumpped into him on purpose and his juice spilled all over him.

"What the fuck Charles" he said angrily.

"Oh I didn't see you" I just smirked and went away. I could hear him cursing behind me. When I got to where Pierre was sitting with Carlos, Lando and someone other Pierre immediately came to me.

"Charles why did you that and I know it was not an inchident" He asked me disappontedly.

"Well he started it when he didn't hold the elevator for me this morning" I shrugged.

"Charles you have to say sorry" he said.

"Not untill he apologizes to me first" I said. Pierre just shaked his head. Then I saw that Max was coming to our table. He sat down opposite me, shit.

"Mate what happened to your shirt?" Carlos asked. I was now blushing.

"Well ask your team mate" Max just said and started to eat. I didn't look at him or Carlos.

"Charles what did you do?" Carlos asked me sounding tired.

"I just didn't see him and accidently bumped into him" I said looking down. I could feel everyone looking at me.

"Bullshit" Max said. I was strating to lose my temper.

"Well you didn't hold the elevator door for me this morning when I shouted to you to do that!" I was now angry, embarrased and red.

"Well I didn't see or hear you, so it's not my fault" He shrugged. God I was so angry.

"Well I didn't see you either" I said so agrily that everyone got the hint to stop talking about this. Quickly the subject changed to todays race.

I was waiting for the elevator after i had eaten when I heard Max's voice.

"You know I really didn't see or hear you and I'm sorry that I ruined your morning and didn't hold the elevator for you but you had no right to bump into me on purpose" He said. I could not bring myself to answere him and I just left torwards the stairs.

Max's pov:

I was really angry with Charles but I knew that deep down his behaviour had some other reason than me not holding an elevator door for him. I decided to let him be and think about this by himself. I swiched my juice stained shirt to a dry one and headed to the track. At the track I headed to the garage to go thru some details about today. I was feeling good but also a lot of pressure, because this was one of my homeraces and I wanted the fans to be able to see some good action on track. I had watched a tiny bit of the f3 race also and seen that Arthur the brother of Charles had not done very good and I knew that it would also affect Charles mindset. But I had to forgot Charles and focus on myself.

The race would be starting in twenty minutes. I was calm I knew I had much faster car than most of the people so I had a good Chance maybe even winning. The national anthem was finally over and I was walking torwards my Car. I saw Charles walking behind me so I slowed down.

"Good luck Charles!" I said smiling.

"for you too" he said looking down.

I was ready in my car. The formation lap was ending and the lights would go out in few seconds. As soon as the red lights disappeared I hit the gas. I overtook like four people in the fisrt lap and by lap ten I was second. I won the race easily with almost 18second gap to Checo. I was so happy.

"What whas the final order?" I asked my engineer.

"So you, Checo, Sainz, Russel, Alonso, Leclerc, Ocon, Vettel, Gasly and Albon top ten" He said

Charles Sixth I knew he must be devastated. I had to speak to him after the debrief. I drove to the podium and celebrated with my team. After the podium I did my interwiews and the press conference. I didn't see Charles at all. After that was quick debrief and I got to finally head to the hotel. I got to my room and took a long shower thinking how I could approach Charles. When I had dressed up I heard lound bang from the room next to me.

"Shit Charles!" I realised and rushed out of the room. I knocked to the door. He didn't open it. I knocked again, still no answere.

"Charles if you don't open that door now I will tell everyone your home address and your phone number" Still no answere. I finally by accident pushed the door handle and the door was open. I gasped. Charles was standing there with puffy eyes blood in his hand and the tv was on the floor shattered.

"Charles what happened" I asked. He didn't say anything he just started to cry and fell to the ground.

"Charles" I whispered and rushed to him and took him in my arms. He just started ugly crying more. I was quiet, I didn't know what to say so I just rocked him in my arms and shushed him. The crying was starting to stop a little.

"Do you want to tell me what is wrong?" I asked.

"I'm a failure" Charles whispered and started to cry again even heavier.

"No you are not, you are so stong and great driver" I assured him.

"I have lost everything" He was sobbing.

"I have lost my fater, godfather, my best friend, the Championchip and Charlotte, no one loves me" and now He could not breathe anymore. I turned him to face me.

"Charles look at me and follow my breathing, In thru the nose out thru the mouth" I tried to get him breathe. This was definitely panick attack. when his breathing was slowly getting better I took him in my arms again.

"I promise everything will be fine" I tried to comfort him.

"I want to go home" he cried.

"I know Charlie I know" I had tears in my eyes as well. It broke me to see him like this.

"I know that you can't get your dad or Jules or Anthoine back but they will always cheer you from the sky and proteckt you" I said.

"Yeah I know" he said a little more calm by now.

"But I'm still failure. I could not win this freacking Championchip or I was never even close to winning it" Now he started crying again.

"Charles it's not your fault that ferrari is so shit and can't get their stategy or car right. You can't do anything else than your best and you have done that every weekend" I was speaking the truth and I knew that deep down Charles knew that too.

"And Charlotte just stopped loving me. Am I so horrible pearson that every one that I love just leaves me" Now he was sobbing again. This must be the most sensitive topic.

"Some people are just not meant to be and you were not meant to be. I know you will find someone that loves you like you deserve to be loved" I was speaking about myself but I could not bring myself to tell that to him now that he was this devestated.

"But what if I don't" Now he looked me in the eyes with his red puffy eyes.

"You will" i said and smiled. He burried his face into my shirt.

"I'm sorry you probably wanted to celebrate you victory and I'm just ruining your night" He apologised.

"There is nowhere else that I would rather be right now than here. You clearly need someone so I won't leave you" I said smiling.

"Thank you" he whispered.

"and I'm sorry that I spilled my drink on you today on purpose"

"It's okay" I assured. "Show me your hand, I can see blood" I said. He showed me his hand and I had to fight hard not to gasp, it looked so bloody.

"Come on we have to Clean it" I said and guided him to the bathroom. I carefully cleaned the cut and then put a bandage on it.

"Are you hungry?" I asked and Charles nodded, he was still crying a little bit.

"What do you want to eat?" I asked.

"soup" he answered. I chuckled and went to order room service.

"You should maybe take a shower" I carefully suggested. he just nodded and went to the bathroom. after a while he came back in his pj shorts and a hoodie. His hair was dripping water. he looked so hot but also sad and tired. Not long and our food arrived. We sat on his bead eating our soups and we watched annie movie from his laptop now that the tv was well broken like Charles. He had chose the movie. I noticed him shivering from cold. I stood up.

"let me put you to sleep" I said and he went under the covers. I tucked him there and was about to leave when I heard him.

"I don't want to be alone. I'm scared" He said and snuffled. I went back to him and he lifted the blanket for me to join him. Thankfully I was wearing sweats and a hoodie. I got under the covers but left a distance between us. After a while he snuggled closer and put his arm over me and his head on my chest. I smiled and started to stroke his hair. His breath started to slow down and he fell asleep quickly.

"Good night Charlie. I love you" I whispered to him and fell asleep.

Charles pov:

I woke up in my room. I felt tired and I could not remember what happened last night. I tried to move but something or someone held me in my place. I looked under me and saw Max freaking Verstappen sleeping there. Holy shit. Did I sleep with him. No we both had clothes on. Then it came to my mind. I had had some kind of melt down, and he had came to help me. I smiled, he looked so peaceful sleeping there. I laid my head back at his chest and closed my eyes. He smelled so good and his breathing was calming me. His hands around me felt safe. I kind of felt like home. I fell asleep again.

I don't know how long I slept but I woke up by someone Stroking my back. I groaned.

"No I don't want to wake up" I complained.

"Charles it's almost mid day you have to wake up, or we won't get breakfast" Max chuckled. Oh! Now I remembered that I was sleeping in Max's arms. I rolled over to the other side of the bed and turned to watch Max.

"Thank you for being there for me yesterday" I said almost whispering.

"I will always be here for you if you need me" He smiled and got up.

"I will go to change and then come back, and we can go eat" He said.

"Okay great" I smiled. Then he left. I moved to the side of the bed where he had been laying and smelled the sheets. Oh god how I loved that smell. Then I remembered that I don't have much time, so I got up Changed my clothes and brushed my teeth. I even fixed my hair a little until I heard a knock on the door and I went to open it and stepped outside the room.

"What are your plans for today?" Max asked.

"Well I will leave to zandvoort tomorrow, so I don't have anything for today" I said.

"Should we do something fun, I think you could need that" He proposed.

"Sure that would be nice, do you have something in mind?" I asked.

"Well its beautiful day so I thought that we could go to Aerial Adventure Park which is near to" Max Said.

"That sounds fun yeah let's do that" I smiled. It was nice that he wanted to do something with me. We got to the hotels breakfast room and saw Pierre, Lando and Carlos. We went to sit with them after we had got our food.

"So you two seem to have made up" Pierre said casually.

"Yeah" We both said at the same time and smiled.

"Great so what are your plans? We are not leaving till tomorrow, and we don't really know what to do" Lando asked.

"We are going to some kind of outdoor activity park where we climb on trees" Max said.

"You guys can also come If you want" I said. They all agreed. I could see a little disappointment in Max's eyes but didn't think too much out of it.

"So who will drive us?" Carlos asked.

"I can drive us My car for this week has five seats unlike yours" Max said and laughed referring to mine, Carlos and Landos cars. We all agreed to meet at the lobby in fifteen minutes and went to change for something suitable for outdoor activities.

When we got to the lobby and headed towards the car Lando yelled "shotgun" and we all laughed at him. At the end it was Carlos who got to sit in front and Lando had to settle in the middle seat since he was the tiniest of us.

Max's pov:

We were driving towards the activity park, and I was kinda sad that I didn't get to go there alone with Charles. However I saw how happy Charles looked while sitting in The back and Chatting with Pierre and Lando. Carlos was in Charge of the navigating.

"This looks nice" Pierre said as we got out of the car.

"I am going to beat you all!" Lando was so excited.

"I am not sure how we can compete in this" Carlos said.

"Who goes thru the track fastest" Charles shrugged his shoulders, and we all laughed. We got some type of harnesses and someone showed how to use them in a Practice track that we all had to go thru before we could go by ourselves.

We had a lot of fun and it was very physical. Charles and Lando slipped of the track a few times and always screamed when they hung there ten meters up in the air from only their harnesses.

"You can't be scared, we drive death machines every weekend" Carlos laughed. After we had gone thru every track we were pretty hungry, so we headed to the town. We ate some great pizza and then went back to the hotel.

"I really want to get like a massage or something like that. I heard that the spa here is great" Lando said excitedly.

"It is really good me, Pierre and Arthur got facials there and Carlos also" Charles said.

" I heard that Valtteri and Zhou got a massage here, and they said it was amazing" I said.

"We should go there" Pierre was now also excited and Carlos nodded.

We all made our way towards the spa. We were guided towards the changing room. I saw Charles in only his boxers and I bit my lip. How could I concentrate on anything today after seeing how hot he looked again. I was laying on a massage table next to Charles and I could hear the sounds he made when the massager touched somewhere that was extra stuck. The sounds sounded so good. I could feel what they did to me and I didn't know what to do about it.

Charles pov:

We were all getting a massage after the outdoor activity and it was so nice. I could hear Lando giggling next to me.

"Lando please that annoys me stop it" Carlos said sounding annoyed and me and Max started to laugh.

"But it tickles me and I know you like it" Lando said cheekily.

"Lando not here" Carlos hissed.

"Sorry" Lando said sounding a little embarrassed. I was wondering what that was all about.

"Pierre has been really quiet. Did he die or something" Max said and I noticed that too.

"He is sleeping I can hear him snore" Carlos laughed.

"How can he be asleep This hurts so much that I can bearly be still" I said and hissed because of the pain. I heard how Max moved on the table next to mine.

When, the hour had passed we got up and I walked to where Pierre was still laying and I slapped him. He woke up immediately.

"Charles wtf, why did you do that?" He cursed.

"You were sleeping, and we are leaving" I simply said. He groaned and got up. We were getting back to the dressing room I saw Max there and something was looking tight in his pants. 'holy shit' I realized what it was, and I was now heavily blushing.

We were all heading towards our own rooms. It had been long and fun day. I went to pack my luggage ready to leave tomorrow. My flight was in the afternoon luckily, so I could sleep till noon. It was now ten pm and I had eaten my supper. I was getting ready to go to bed, but I was scared of being alone. I really don't know why. I had never been scared of being alone.

"Fuck what is wrong with me, now I can't even sleep alone" I whispered. Few tears made their way out of my eyes. I did the only thing I could think of. I grabbed my phone and key card and headed to the room next to mine. I stood there a few minutes afraid, but then the door just opened.

"Charles what are you doing here" Max said surprised.

"I am scared" I whispered and felt the tears again. Max took my hand and guided me to his room and towards his bed. He pulled the covers up and I went to lay there. I was still crying. He just Came to lay behind me and hugged me. I snuggled closer and put my head in his chest. He stroked my hair. It was so calming how gentle he could be with me.

"Do you think Carlos and Lando are together?" He asked me after a while of just laying there in silence.

"I was thinking the same thing" I laughed slightly. "I have seen Lando a couple of times in our Motorhome and one time sneaking from Carlos's room. How did I not see this earlier?" I gasped and Max laughed. It sounded so cute.

"Yeah, I have been thinking about this for a while now but I think I got my confirmation today" Max said. I just hummed. I was getting sleepy.

"Good night Charlie" Max said to me. I smiled.

"Good night Maxie" I said and fell asleep on his arms again smelling his familiar scent.

Charles pov:

It was now thursday, and I had slpet terribly. It was probably because I had been sleeping alone. Max was not there. I was affraid, I didn't want to disturb his sleep every day because I couldn't sleep alone. I had had a few nightmares and after waking up sweating because of them I was scared to go back to sleep.

I was sitting eating breakfast with Lando and Alex.

"Jeez Charles you look like shit" george said.

"Thanks mate!" I smiled. "I have not been able to sleep very well last few nights" I said and sighed. Lando was now looking me closely.

"Why have you slept so badly?" he asked.

"I don't really know" I lied. I didn't want to tell them the real reason. They didn't know I was gay and craving Max's arms around me. I also didn't feel like coming out to them now when I didn't even know what to think about it myself.

"So do you have press conferences or media pen?" Alex asked.

"I have media pen. I hate thursdays" I admitted.

"We all hate media duty. But Alex we are in the same press conference" Lando said excitedly.

"Not fair I also have press conference but there are all the old ones I think" George said pouting.

"Mate you are there with Mick, esteban and Max they are not old!" alex laughed and me and Lando followed.

"Well I think it is me and all the old ones in the media pen" I smirked. "Not complaining tho they are fun".

After breakfast I made my way to the circuit. There were a lot of photographers waiting for us. I was wearing sunglasses so they could not capture my dark under eyes. When I got to the hospitality and took the glasses away my mediamanager gasped.

"Yeah I know I look good but no need to be so shoked" I said sarcastically.

"I'm sorry but you can't go to the media pen looking like that" she said. She sat me down and told me to wait there while she grabbed some make up. After doing something to my face like twenty minutes I was finally ready.

"Here are some wipes so you can take the makeup off after the interwiews" She gave me some sort of bag with wipes. I thanked her and we made our way towards the media pen. Luckily the interwiewes were over pretty fast and I could go to the meeting.

I was so tired that I actually fell asleep against Carlos's shoulder. He didn't wake me up before we were done and I saw Mattias disappointed face. Carlos shwed me an apologetic smile and left me alone with Mattia. Great.

"Charles what is going on with you. You SLEPT almost the whole meeting" He sounded angry. I tried to fought back tears. I was so tired.

"I'm just so tired. I have not slept well Since monday" I said.

"Well you better sleep well before tomorrow, do you understand?" He asked.

"Yep I understand" I sighed.

"Well now go back to the hotel to sleep" he said and left me alone.

Max's Pov:

I was just leaving the circuit, and going back to the hotel when I heard Carlos shouting at me. I turned to look at him.

"Hi Carlos" I said happily.

"You have to do something to Charles" He said out of breath because of running after me.

"Is something wrong and why can't you do something?" I asked.

"He doesn't listen to me. But this morning Lando came to me and said that Charles looked really bad this morning and He said he has not been able to sleep in the last few nights. He also fell asleep on our meeting that ended few minutes ago. He slept thru the whole thing and Mattia was really angry" Carlos told me.

"Oh god, I will try to speak to him" I said shaking my head. "Btw why did Lando come to you and not to me directly" I asked smiling. Carlos immediately started blushing.

"Well we are together. But you can't tell anyone about this" He whispered to me.

"I knew it, just wanted confirmation about it but I am really happy for you" I smiled and patted his back.

"Thanks mate means a lot" He smiled back.

I headed back to the hotel thinking about Charles. I needed to talk to him. I decided to take a shower before I would go to his room. In The shower I was again imagining Charles being there whit me. I was heavily obsessed with him. My hand wondered around my private area and my eyes fell close. 'No Max you can't do this'. But why not. Not like I will tell him that I was satisfying myself in the shower thinking about him. After the long maybe a little bit too long shower I dressed comfortably wearing gray sweatpants and hoodie. I decided to head to Cherles room Straight away and I could maybe eat with him.

I knocked to his door. It took almost a minute until Charles openned the door. I was not ready to see him looking like that.

"Well I know I'm really hot but the atenttion I have gotten today because of that is little too much" He laughed and yawned. I walked inside.

"Charles we have to talk" I said straight away.

"Yeah I know but I'm hungry so let's eat before talking" He suggested.

"Sure I'm pretty hungry also. What do you want?" I asked.

"Pasta" he said immediately. I laughed.

"Okay let's go."

We walked outside and got to some restaurant. We were not dressed very restaurant approvely, so we took our food with us and went to eat them in some kind of park.

"So I have some exciting new for you" I said.

"Please tell me you are retiring from this season" He said and we both laughed.

"No something way better. Carlando is real" I saw Charles mouth dropping.

"No way this is so great" Charles said happily while eating.

"Yeah I know, but you can't tell Carlos that I told you. You have to pretend that you figured it out alone" I said seriously.

"Sure I will just catch them tomorrow after second practise in Carlos's room" Charles smiled. I noticed him shivering. The sun had settled so it was getting cold.

"Are you cold?" I asked.

"Yeah a little bit" Charles answered. He was only wearing a t-shirt. I gave him my hoodie.

"Are you sure that now you are not cold?" He asked me but I assured that I will be fine. He looked so cute while wearing my hoodie. We walked back to the hotel and I was surprised that not a single fan seem to notice us.

"So Charles we are worried about you" I said seriously when we were back in his hotel room.

"Who are we?" He asked.

"It doesn't matter, but now talk to me what is wrong?" I asked. I saw him thinking about it and finally he started talking.

"Well i'm scared of being alone. I don't know why but I have been getting these nightmares and I'm affraid of sleeping because of them. I didn't want to bother you with my problems every night so I just decided to deal with it by myself" he told me.

"Charlie" I whispered. "You can always come to me whatever it is that is bothering you. Even in the middle of the night you can come to me it doesn't bother me at all" I said and I saw tears in his eyes again.

"Okay" he simply said. "But I am really tired so can we go to sleep or Mattia will kill me tomorrow" He laughed.

"Yeah let's go to sleep" I said and we climbed to Charles' bed. He snuggled close to me and I took him in my arms and stroked his hair. It didn't take even five minutes for him to start snoring quietly.

"I love you" I said and went to sleep.

Charles pov:

The rest of the weekend went better. I slept in Max's arms every night and I didn't look so tired anymore. I caught Lando and Carlos after second practice in Carlos's Driver room. They admitted that they were together. I drove well. I started the race second next to Max and ended up third witch was good. I watched a lot of movies with Max and we ate good food. It felt so good to have someone there for me. Sunday night Pierre came to my room when I was watching brooklyn 99 with Max.

"Charles, Oh hey Max!" Pierre said clearly happy about the fact that Max was laying in my bed and I was wearing a red bull hoodie.

"Charles can I talk to you in private?" Pierre asked.

"Sure we could go and take a little walk?" I suggested and pierre nodded.

"I will be back!" I shouted Max and left with Pierre.

"So What are you doing with Max in your room every night and you are even wearing his hoodie" Pierre sounded amused.

I told Pierre the whole story about how I could not sleep and Max offered to keep me company.

"I don't understand why you didn't come to me, but i can see that you are happy with Max. I also know that you like him so is there something going on with you like that?" He wiggled his eyebrows.

"No it's nothing like that" I assured him but i'm not even sure if I belived that.

"I know you want something more so I think you should just go for it" He said. "And I fully support you but I think you should maybe come out to your family before you do something with Max"

I agreed with him.

"Yeah I know. I just don't know when to tell them about this" I sighed.

"Maybe Monza would be a great place for that. They will be there so tell them there" Pierre suggested.

"Yeah I will" I smiled. We were back at my hotel room door. We said good night and I went back inside. I saw Max already asleep even tho it was only ten pm. I climbed to the bed next to him. He moved towards me.

"I am sorry, didn't mean to wake you up" I apologised. He just snuggled closer and Continued sleeping while I was still thinking about everything. Soon I also fell asleep.

I was in Monza watching Arthur race. He was P2 and he was close so he could overtake the one in front of him. Just as he was Trying to overtake they made contact and Arthur flew to the wall. I gasped. I saw my mom already crying. Lorenzo ran towards the pitwall. Red flags were now waving and cars came back to the pits. I ran towards Lorenzo.

"What is wrong?" I asked.

"He is not responding" Lorenzo whispered. Tears were now streaming out of my eyes.

"No no no, This can't be happening" I screamed. I saw how on marshal had gotten him out of the car. He was covered in blood. The marshal shoked his head and signaled that He was not breathing. Now the medical team was also there, but they just covered him Into a withe blanket. He was carried off on a stretcher. I felt that I could not breathe anymore.

"Charles" Lorenzo said but I could not answere.

"Charles" He said again. I was shaking. I openned my eyes and saw Max.

"Calm down Charles it's just a dream" He said. I was now hysterically crying. He pulled me in to a hug and didn't let go.

"What was it about?" He asked when I had calmed down a little.

"Arth.. Arthur died while racing" I sobbed.

"It's okay he is alive we are not racing" He assured me.

"I want to see him" I cried. Max picked up my phone and facetimed Arthur. It rang three times before Arthur answered.

"Charles c'est une nuit qu'est-ce que tu veux?" He said sounding tired.

"Sorry to wake you up but Charles saw a nightmare about you and he wanted to see you" Max said.

"Well I'm alive so you can go back to sleep" Arthur laughed.

"Je t'aime bonne nui" I said to him

"Je t'aime aussi dors bien" He said and hung up.

"See he is okay you can go back to sleep" Max assured.

"But I'm scared" I said.

"Do you want me to do something?" Max asked.

"Can you sing?" I whispered. he didn't protest and started to sing dutch lullabies. I was asleep again in no time.

--------------------------------

This Was A long Chapter. I don't think I've ever written this much at once.

I'm not sure if I like this chapter but it's better than nothing.

I hope you enjoyed this and Thank you for reading and voting this story:)

(I don't speak french so it's google translaters fault if the french sentences are totally wrong)

Charles pov:

After Zandvoort I had flown straight to Italy because of the Monza grand Prix. Max had stayed in the Netherlands. We had been face timing every night so that I could sleep. I really needed that. It was now Wednesday and I had promised to take my family out to eat. Pierre and I had made a plan so that I could also come out to them. Not going to lie I was more nervous than when I was little and Had to tell my mom that I had broken her favourite vase. So it was a lot.

I had been thinking about this the whole day and realised that I had not told Max that I was into men. I guess I was just afraid that he would not feel the same, and then I could not be with him.

It was now time to meet my family in the restaurant. I was sweating and I had to call Pierre before leaving.

"Pierre what if they don't accept me and then they will abandon me" I didn't even say hi to him.

"Charles you are the golden boy, and they all love you why would they not accept you?" He asked.

"I don't know, maybe they are all secretly homophobic" I suggested and Pierre just laughed.

"It will be fine, I would be more nervous about telling Ferrari that you are gay than your family" He said.

"Oh my god, why would you say that? Now I will be thinking about that for the rest of the night" Pierre was definitely not helping at all.

"I will call Carlos you are not helping me" I said and hung up. I decided not to call Carlos as I was already late. I ran to the restaurant, and they were all waiting for me.

"Finally Charles, I thought that you had forgotten us" Lorenzo said jokingly.

"Yeah sorry I was talking with Pierre" I said, and sat down after giving a hug to mom.

"I thought that you were doing something with Max" Arthur said and winked. I had just sipped water and now I was coughing it out of my lungs, while Lorenzo was slamming my back.

"What the heck Arthur?" I asked.

"Well Max called me on your phone in the middle of the night because you were having a nightmare" he refreshed my memory.

"I had forgotten that already" I was now blushing.

"So Charles do you have something to tell us?" My mom now asked. I had not wanted this to be the way my interest in men would come out. I decided to just be straight forward with this.

"Yeah, I like men" I simply said.

"I did not expect this when you asked us to eat together, but I'm very happy for you" Lorenzo said smiling.

"I knew it already" Arthur proudly said.

"And I am so proud of you. I could see that you were not happy with Charlotte and all I want what is the best for you" mom said tears in her eyes.

"You are making me cry" I said laughing while tears were formed in my eyes.

"So the real question is that are you together with Max?" Arthur asked.

"No I'm not, he doesn't even know that I am gay, and I don't know if he's gay" I sighed.

"But do you want to be with him?" Lorenzo asked.

"Yeah I really like him. He has been awesome and has been there for me in the past two weeks" I smiled.

"Well I think it doesn't sound like he is just friendly with you" Mom said smiling.

"Well I guess, but I am still not sure. Now can we start eating I'm starving" I laughed.

The night was great. I also knew that Max had come to Italy today, so I didn't have to sleep alone any more. I also texted Pierre how the night went. I didn't want to hear him saying'I told you so'.I had just got out of the shower with only a towel around my waist when I heard a knock at thedoor.I opened the door and Max was standing there.

"Hey Max come in. I just have to get dressed" I said and noticed how he looked at me.

"Yeah, I know I am hot, but no need to stare" I laughed and went back to the bathroom.

Max's Pov:

Seeing Charles there with only a towel around his waist was hot. I was wearing grey sweatpants and you could definitely see how seeing Charles like that had excited me. Fuck I don't want him to see this.

"Hey I forgot my charger I have to get that quickly!" I yelled, took Charles's key card from the table and quickly rushed back to my room. I had to do this quickly so Charles would not wonder what I had been doing. I took my phone and opened an image or Charles shirtless and started to jerk myself. It didn't take long before I came so now I at least knew how to come quickly. I grabbed my charger and went back to Charles's room. I opened the door with the key card that I took from the table.

"Oh my god Max you scared me" Charles screamed.

"I'm sorry" I laughed when I saw Charles's face. He looked like he had seen a serial killer.

"It's not funny" he pouted.

"Well what can I do to make it up to you?" I asked amusedly. I knew what I wanted but didn't want to say it.

"Well you could let me win the gp" He said hopeful.

"yeah, no way I will do that. You have to come up with something else" I laughed.

"Well then you could give me a massage my neck is hurting and my shoulders are like rocks" he suggested. I could feel my face turning red but I agreed.

"Sure sit down" I said trying to sound professional. He sat down in front of a chair. I sat down on the chair and started to massage his neck.

"Auch careful or you will brake my neck" he hissed. I tried to be more careful. He made some interesting sounds while my hands were massaging his shoulders. After a half an hour massage my hands gave up.

"I can't any more my hands are hurting like hell" I laughed.

"Thank you now Andrea will not have to complain about how stiff I am tomorrow" Charles said.

"Have you eaten yet?" I asked.

"Yep, I had dinner with my family" Charles smiled.

"Do you mind, if I order something I'm quite hungry?" I asked.

"Not at all go ahead" He said and went to lay on the bed. I ordered a Caesar salad and fries. I knew that Charles would start to complain about how I would not give him food and how he was still a little hungry so the fries were mostly for him. I had got to know Charles pretty well because we had spent a lot of time together in the last couple of weeks. There was a knock at the door and I went to open it. The butler came to set up the food and then left.

"Smells good, What did you get?" Charles said excitedly.

"Salad and fries" I answered.

"Can I?" he asked while already eating the fries.

"Sure go ahead" I laughed. I was happy seeing Charles so happy while eating. Like I expected he ate almost all the fires and got into a food coma after that.

"You have to brush your teeth before going to sleep!" I shouted him from the bathroom.

"I am too tired, so not going to get up any more!" He shouted back. After I had brushed my teeth I got to the bed pulled the covers off of Charles, grabbed his ankle and started to pull him towards the bathroom while he was laughing.

"Okay okay I will come you can leave my ankle alone" he laughed and went to brush his teeth while I got ready for bed. Soon Charles came back switched the lights off and Climbed on top of my chest. I was smiling, it felt so good to have him back in my arms.

"I missed you" He whispered to me just before he drifted off to sleep.

"I missed you too" I gave him a little kiss to the forehead before drifting off to sleep.

Charles pov:

It was the night between thursday and friday and I wasn't able to sleep. I guess it was because of the nerves. Racing in Italy as Ferrari driver was always stressful. I guess I was little bit nervous, because I knew Charlotte would be here. I don't know why tho.

"Why are you awake?" I flinched.

"I thought tha you were sleeping" I whispered.

"Well you are awake so now I am awake too" Max said. he pulled me closer. I was again the little spoon.

"I was just thinking about everything" I sighed.

"It's three am. You should not be thinking anything right now. If you don't sleep Mattia will be mad" He stated.

"Well he's leaving after this season so I'm not so worried" I said. Max moved so he was now facing me.

"He's doing what now?" He was now wide awake.

"Merde. I wasn't thinking no no no" Great now I had revealed a big seacret to red bull. I started to panick.

"Shh Charlie it's okay I promise I will not tell this to anyone" Max assured me.

"How am I supposed to trust that" I was now freaking out. I got out of the bed and started to pace around the room. "I'm so stupid"

"I think that you are starting to trust me so you are accidentaly revealing your seacrets and I like that very much" Max tried to help me calm down. It didn't help. Next I would probaly say that I was gay without thinking about it. I had now stopped pacing around. I flinched when I felt two arms sneaking around my waist.

"Charlie it's okay, I swear I will not tell anyone" Max was now whispering to my ear. I got goose bumps all over my skin. I turned over and looked him in the eyes.

"Promise?" I asked

"I promise" he smiled and gave me a kiss at the top of my head. Oh shit maybe he likes me.

"We should go back to sleep" he whispered. I was not able to say anything so I just nodded. He guided me towards the bed and I just climbed on top of him. It didn't take very long for me to fall asleep when he was stoking my back.

Max woke me up by speaking to someone on the phone. He was looking out of the window while he looked unhappy.

"No I don't know when I will be free, but we agreed on not seeing each other anymore. Do you understand I don't have feelings for you. Even tho my dad thinks that you would be a great wife for me I don't think so and I think you are doing this only because my dad offered money for you, so the answere is no. Bye." He hung up the phone.

"Who was that?" I Yawned.

"Kelly" He said.

"Oh I forgot about her, what even happened to you two?" I asked. I have never had courage to ask Max about this.

"Well I never really loved her, but I want to focus on the race weekend so let's not talk about this. Okay?" He suggested and I nodded.

It was now time for the first practice and I was feeling nervous. I had to win this week so the tifosi could get something to celebrate. It was hard to concentrate if you were dressed like a banana.

The first practice was good nothing really interesting in there. I was happy and hungry. I noticed Carlos on the other side of the garage.

"Hey mate do you want to go eat together?" I asked.

"Sure! Meet me in five outside of the garage?" He asked and I nodded before going to change my banana suit. We had grate time eating and catching up.

"So how are you and Lando doing?" I winked.

"Honestly I have never been happier. It's great to have someone that you care about that much with you almost every weekend" He smiled.

"Yeah that is great" I said not thinking.

"Oh do you have someone?" Carlos asked sounding surprised. My face fell because of the accidental confirmation.

"Well I don't know, but I like him very much" I smiled trying to be as cryptic as possible.

"It's a him!?" Carlos was now overly excited.

"Fuck why do I keep doing this today?" I hid my face behind my hands.

"So you have been spilling more seacrets today for someone else?" Carlos asked.

"Well yeah but I don't want to talk about that" I said.

"So who is the mystery man?" Carlos wiggled his eyebrows. And like it was meant to be Max walked past us and smiled at me. I immediately smiled and blushed.

"Omg is it Max?" Carlos whispered.

"What, how did you know?" I asked confused.

"So it is! I can't belive this" He was looking happy and also little scared.

"I don't know if it's a good idea Charles he is literally the enemy" He stated.

"Yeah I know that, but I just can't do anything without him anymore and he doesn't even know that I like him" I was hidin behind my hands again.

"Mate you should tell him that you like him. Otherwise you won't maybe get a chance to be with him if he finds someone else" Carlos was speaking the truth.

"I will tell him. I just need to find the right time and place" I said.

It was time for the second practice. Banana was back in the car. The practice was good. nothing really great but still good. After the debrief I headed to the hotel again. I had been thinking about what Carlos said earlier and I had decided that I need to tell about my feelings before Monday.

Max's pov:

Saturday the qualifying day. I was excited. I had never won a race in Monza and really wanted to do that this weekend. I still hoped that Charles would have good weekend also but I still wanted to win even tho I really liked him. I woke up having my arms around Charles once again. I don't think I could ever sleep without him. I had been talking to Lando and he had adviced me to talk about my fellings with Charles. I wanted to but I was scared.

"What are you thinking about?" Charles asked. Oh how sexy his morning voice sounded.

"Just everything" I smiled.

"Are you ready for today?" I asked.

"No not really but I don't think I have a choice" he laughed. Breakfast was good I ate with Charles, Daniel, George and tired Lando, who just complained about getting to sleep far too late and waking up far too early. Hmm I wonder why.

"Hey I just got a message from Alex that he will not be driving because he is getting appendicitis surgery" George suddently said.

"Oh my god is he okay?" Lando asked.

"I think so" George answered.

"Who will replace him?" I asked.

" I think Nyck" Charles said while he was looking at his phone.

"That's really great for Nyck that he gets a chance" Daniel said. We were all excited for Nyck and I personally was looking forward having other Dutch one in the grid.

When finally was time for qualifying Charles was quicker than me, but I knew that I would overtake him tomorrow. Me, Charles and Carlos climbed out of our cars and went to greet our teams. I saw that Charlotte was there as well and frowned.

"I didn't know that Charlotte would be here this weekend, and why is she?" I asked Carlos.

"I don't really know. I guess she is here with some company that she is doing collab with" Carlos suggested. Then I saw that Charlotte hugged him and kissed his helmet. I was kinda angry and walked away to be weighted. After the pictures and interwievs I quickly left to the red bull hospitality. We had a two hour meeting before I could go back to the hotel.

When I got to the hotel I was still jealous and decided to not sleep with Charles the tonight. I ate alone and played some fifa with Daniel who was bored. I was laying alone in the bed and felt lonely. I remembered that I had one of Charles's hoodies in my suitcase so I put that on. I wanted to at least smell him.What if it's too late allready and he's getting back together with Charlotte. Should I just try to get him out of my head and try to find someone else. I think I could do that.With that thought I went to sleep. I just could not sleep.

Charles pov:

It was almost eleven in the evening and Max was not here.Did he already forget me or worse did he tell everyone about Mattia getting fired. I have to calm down. Maybe he just fell asleep. I should not distract him and I should just sleep alone tonight.Someone knocked at the door, It must be Max.

"Hi" I said.

"Charles I want you and I need you. I love you" I was speechles. what was happening.

"What?" I just couldn't get anything else out of me.

"I want to be with you don't you feel the same way?" I could not do anything right now. I could not move. Lips pressed against mine.

"No what the hell" I pulled away panicking.

"What's wrong?"

"You are at the wrong place" I said now stone cold.

"What do you mean?"

"I don't love you" I said.

"But we would be so good together think about it"

"No, Charlotte go away I'm in love with someone else" I said now angrily.

"How the hell did you even get my room number?" I asked.

"It doesn't matter, but just so you know this is not over yet. You will realise that you still love and need me" She said.

"No way" I said and slammed the door to her fece.

After I had closed the door I fell to the ground. I was shaking. I didn't know what to do so I called Pierre.

"Hey Charles what's up?" He aswered.

"I need you please" I whispered.

"I'm coming I will be right there" He said sounding serious.

I was shaking and crying. I openned the door for Pierre to come inside.

"Oh Charles what happend?" He asked.

"Charlotte came here and told me that she still loves me and she kissed me" I sobbed.

"Charles it's okay, I know you don't love her so it's okay everything is fine. But where is Max?" He was confused. I just started to cry even more.

"I don't know he didn't come here tonight and I was too affraid to call him" I just whispered.

"It's alright Charlie I will stay here with you" Pierre said while rubbing my back.

It was one of the worst nights ever. I barely slept and the race would be so important today. As I predicted the terrible sleep affected my race and I finished second after Max. After the race he didn't even come to me or look at me. I felt like shit. I had let everyone down.

Pierre came to me when I was leaving back to the hotel.

"Charles we are going out to party tonight and I don't care that you are tired but we are getting waisted. You need that very much and I need this too" Pierre said.

"Sounds good to me I want to get drunk and forget this race and weekend" I agreed. Pierre looked at me surprised. We went to the hotel and got ready to the party. I didn't even remember when was the last time that I had been in a party so this would be really good for me.

We took a taxi together with Carlos and Lando.

"Just before we go inside Max will probably be here too as this is his friends party" Pierre said looking guilty.

"Are you kidding me" I was mad or maybe not.

"Well atleast I can make him jealous" I smirked. Pierre Lando and Carlos looked at me like I was crazy. "What? You said I needed this so it's what I'm going to do" and with that I left to get a dink.

I had so much fun. I was dancing with different girls and guys. I had also seen Max and Daniel there. I was drinking with such a fast pace that I had no limits anymore. I noticed him looking at me and took the chance and pulled one guy closer to me and to my surprise the guy kissed me and I kissed him back.

----------------------------

Thank you so much for 1k reads and all the votes<3

My exam week is starting soon and before that I will not have much time to write but I'm trying my best.

Sorry for the cliffhanger ;)

Max's pov:

I had just witnessed some man kissing Charles in the middle of the dance floor. I felt angry and walked over to Charles.

"What the fuck was that?" I asked angrily.

"What are you a homophobic or something?" he giggled.

"No as a matter of fact I'm gay" I said.

"Well so am I, and you know there is someone really handsome in this room that I would like to kiss" Charles stated. I was too stunned to speak. Charles was gay, were all my dreams really coming true? But who was the pearson he wanted to kiss, I wanted to be the person.

"Well who is the lucky guy?" I asked little sad.

"I think you know him very well. He is taller than me, very handsome, He has the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen and I really like him" He said. All the alcohol that Charles had been drinking seemed to be gone. He sounded so serious.

"Omg Charles just tell me who he is" I was now freaking out about him liking someone other than me.

"Well he is the same age as me, has the same job as me and is currently looking at me" Charles smiled.

"Are you talking about me?" I asked carefully. I didn't get an answere. I just felt soft lips against mine,finally. I melted into the kiss until I realised that we were at a bar.

"Let's get out of here before someone sees us" I smiled and guided Charles out of there.

"let's get a taxi and go to the hotel" Charles said. I just nodded.

The taxi ride was way too slow as the driver had recognised Charles and they were speaking full Italian that I didn't understand at all. I think the driver drove so slow because he didn't want Charles to leave. When we finally got to the hotel elevator and the doors closed I pushed Charles against the wall.

"I want you" I whispered into Charles's ear. I felt how he shivered while I was kissing his neck. The doors openned and we ran towards my room.

"Hey Max!" I heard someone scream and I immediately took my hand off Charles' hand.

"Oh hi Cristian" I said trying to smile.This must be the worst timing in my life.

"Why were you two running?" He asked sounding suspicious.

"We were having a competition" Charles said. I could not think about any good reason to be running around hotel hallways when it was almost midnight.

"Okay, do not be up too late" Christian said and winked at us before leaving.

"Do you think he caught us?" Charles asked.

"I'm afraid he did" I sighed but then I sprinted towards my room.

"Hey false start!" Charles screamed and ran behind me until we got to my room.

As soon as the door closed we started kissing like we were hungry for each other. I had never been more happy.

"I think we need to be a little bit more careful next time" Charles smirked while we were catching our breaths.

"yeah we raelly need to.." I couldn't finnish my sentence because Charles' lips were all over mine. His hands were travelling up and down my back. suddenly his lips were on my neck. He was sucking my skin. That would definitely leave a mark but I dind't care. He sucked on my sweet spot and I couldn't control myself anymore and a sweet moan left my lips. Charles stopped and looked at me smirking.

"Please don't stop" I begged him. He just smirked and left me there standing alone. I groaned, he was clearly teasing me and I kinda liked it. We were both still pretty tipsy so the limits were off. Charles started to take his shirt off slowly while keeping the eye contact. My mouth fell open when I saw him there without his shirt.

"Oh Charles don't do this to me" I begged.

"Do what" He smirked.

"I would like to take a shower now so it's your choice if you want to join me or not" He smirked and went to the bathroom. I just stood there like an idiot. I guess that just took me off guard. Then I obviously decided to join Charles. I was painfully hard so I had to do something about that.

I walked to the bathroom. Charles was already under the large shower fully naked. I took my clothes off and walked to Charles who's back was facing me. I slipped my arms around his wais and he jumped a little from the surprise.

"Fuck you look so sexy" I whispered into his ear and started to kiss him down his neck. He turned around so our faces were only few centimeters apart. I wanted him so bad. His hand took some bottle from the table and he started to massage me with it. I just moaned. it felt so good for him to touch me everywhere, well except where I most wanted him to touch me.

"Charles please" I moaned.

"Don't rush. We have all the time in the world" He smirked. Then he handed the bottle to me. I knew that I had to give him a payback for teasing me. He could see how hard I was and Now I could see him also.Fuck. I decided that I would be as slow as possible and It worked. Charles was moaning so loudly that the people in the room next to mine would probably see nightmares after this. When I was finally ready Charles pulled my dick into his hand and I had to fight to not come straight away.

"Same time?" Charles asked I nodded and took his dick in my hand. A loud moan left his lips. We both started puling up and down in the same rythm.Fuck this is all I have been dreaming about last few weeks.It didn't take very long before we both came. I could not wait for the day that I could have him inside of me.

We stayed in the shower a little bit longer until Charles almost tripped down.

"I'm so tired" He mumbled into my arms. I had not noticed how tired he actually looked like until now.

"Let's get you to sleep" I smiled and turned the water off. I wanted to be as gentle as possible when I dried Charles and myself. I guided him to the room and gave him my boxers so he'd have something to sleep in.

"I'm cold" He whispered while I was Changing. I took one of my hoodies and dressed him. After that I lifted him up and carried him to the bed. I climbed there and took him in my arms. He was already drifting off when he mumbled a 'bonne nuit Maxie'.

"Good night Charlie" I kissed his forehead. At that moment I felt like the luckiest man on earth and I guess I also was.

Charles pov:

I woke up in Max's arms. It took a second for me to remember what happened yesterday. I smiled, I was so happy. I was also wearing max's hoodie wich smelled like heaven to me. I noticed that it was almost mid day and decided to wake Max up by kissing his face. It only took few kisses before he started to move.

"Good morning Maxie" I whispered.

"No, I don't want to wake up" he murmured.

"Well it's almost mid day so you better start waking up" I said and continued giving him kisses until he started to laugh. I picked up my phone and looked at the missed calls and text.

"Fuck" I whispered.

"What is it?" Max asked.

"Pierre has called me fifteen times and I have 35 unread messages" I said.

"well you better call him back right now" Max suggested and I instantly called him.

"Charles wtf. You just disappeared yesterday how dare you" Pierre was really angry.

"I know I'm sorry! I just didn't have time to look at my phone" I defended.

"Well what were you doing then?" He asked a little more calm now. I noticed Max smirking and he mouthed words'who were you doing'. I blushed.

"Charles answere me!" Pierre said.

"Nothing" I stated knowing well that Pierre wouldn't belive me.

"Charles is there someone with you?" He asked now sounding interested.

"No" I lied.

"Liar! Is Max there with you?" He asked.

"Maybe" I said.

"Well fucking finally, oh thank god" pierre sighed.

"Well thank you I'll go now and not a word to anyone, well except Christian maybe knows but still not a word. Bye" I said and hung up.

"I had already forgotten that Christian caught us yesterday" Max laughed and pulled me into a hug. I was deeply in my thoughts. I was thinking about why Max didn't come to my room the night before sunday.

"What are you thinking about?" Max asked.

"Why didn't you come to my room the night before sunday?" I asked.

"I was jealous" Max said straight away.

"About what?" I was confused.

"You and Charlotte. She kissed your helmet after the pole and I was jealous" Max said sounding little sad.

"I didn't even notice that she did that" I gasped.

"I'm so sorry" I said and kissed Max.

"You have no reason to be. I'm the one that should be sorry" Max said.

"Well that night she came into my room and said that she still loves me and wants to be with me and then she kissed me" I said.

"She did what? And you didn't do anything about it" Max said now little angry and he moved away from me.

"I pulled away as soon as I could. But you have no right to be mad at me because of that. You are the one that left me alone that night and I had a panic attact" I was now also mad. Max had no right to be mad at me.

"I'm sorry Charlie I didn't mean what I said" He asid and pulled me into a hug.

"How can I make it up to you?" He asked. I smirked.

"How about a date tonight? I promissed to take you eat some good pasta in Italy" I asked.

"I would love that" He said and kissed me. We started making out until there was a knock on the door.

"Shit, go open it" I said to Max. Max walked to the door looking quite messy.

"Oh hey Daniel" He said so I could hear who was at the door.

"Hey Max! You promissed to get breakfast together today" Daniel said.

"Oh yeah I totally forgot. How about we meet in the lobby in ten minutes?" Max suggested.

"Sure! Bye Max and someone else" Daniel said a little bit louder. Max turned to look at me while closing the door.

"How did he know?" Max asked.

"Well you are bright red and your hair looks a little.. interesting" I laughed. We both changed clothes so we could go to eat. I wore Max's Sweat pants and White shirt so no one would notice that they were not my clothes.

"So when we see Daniel let's just say that we bumped into each other in the hallway" Max suggested and I agreed. When we got to the lobby Daniel was there with Lando, Carlos and Yuki.

"I hope you don't mind that they join us" Daniel said.

"No, not at all Charles will join us also" Max said and I smiled. We all headed to eat. When we sat down Yuki started to complain how he had not been able to sleep last night.

"Why couldn't you sleep Yuki?" Lando asked.

"Well some people in the room next to mine were having a fun, loud and long shower together" He complained.

"Wich room were you in?" Pierre asked who had joined us.

"I think 708" He said. I saw how Max almost choked in his coffee. I tried not to blush too hard. Pierre eyed me looking suspicious.

"Did you hear any names? It would be fun to know who was there because this hotel is full of f1 people" Lando said looking curious.

"I think it was someone whose name started with M but I didn't really want to listen" Yuki said. Now all the eyes turned to Max who was trying to eat.

"Max do you have something to tell us?" Carlos asked.

"Nope nothing" Max said and continued eating.

"C'mon we all know it's your room next to Yuki, and there is a huge hickey in your neck so spill the tea" Daniel said. Max immediately put his hand in his neck.

"At least tell if it was worth for me not to sleep because of that" Yuki said.

"I don't think it was worth it for you but for me it was" Max shrugged and continued eating.

"Charles you have been quiet what's up?" Lando asked. I turned to look at him.

"I'm fine little disapointed because of yesterday" I shrugged.

"Yeah I get that" Carlos said.

"So when are you guys leaving back home now that we have two week break before Singapore?" I asked to change the subject.

"Me and Pierre are driving to Milan tomorrow" Yuki said.

"I think we are all flying with air Max tomorrow morning" Lando said.

"Oh yeah I already forgot that" Max laughed.

"Nice always me who gets left outside" I joked.

"No I'm flying with Arthur, mom and Lorenzo tomorrow also" I quickly added.

"So what are our plans for today? I don't want to be alone with Carlos all day" Lando asked.

"Oh so you are finally telling us that you are together" Daniel said while looking at his phone.

"What no! How did you know?" Lando sounded scared while Carlos was laughing and hiding behind his hands.

"Lando you ruined it" he laughed.

"Well our driver rooms are next to each other and let's just say that you are not the quiet type" Daniel said and we all laughed.

"Well now that Lando busted us, what sould we do today?" Carlos asked.

"Should we go carting in fiorano?" I suggested and everyone agreed. We went to prepare ourselves and left to the track. I had called the track and asked If we could come there and they obviously agreed. when we got to the track it was empty.

"Nice did you rent the whole track?" Yuki asked.

"I guess I did" I said and laughed. We had a fun day karting. Carlando bumped into each other like ten times and After the last lap I bumped into Max. When I got inside they were all laughing to a video.

"You had a dejavu moment with Max" Daniel laughed while showing me the'nothing just an inchident'video.

"Oh my god how do you know about that" I groaned.

"It's like most watched f1 meme nowadays" Lando laughed. I just shook my head. we all headed torwards the hotel and I pulled max to the side before going back inside.

"Meet me in the lobby six pm" I said and he nodded. I got to my room and took a shower before getting ready to our date. Max texted asking me what to wear. I said that normal clothes were good. We met in the lobby and Max looked so hot in my opinion.

"You look hot" I said and blushed.

"I think you look great too" Max said and we left.

"We have to be more careful tonight so Yuki doesn't hear us" I laughed.

"So you want a round two?" Max asked.

"Don't you want?" I freaked out.

"Of course I want. But we should take things slowly for now" Max laughed. I made a decicion that I would make him beg for my touch tonight.

"So where are we going?" He asked.

"To eat pasta at the best restaurant" I smirked. We got to a small restaurant. I greeted the waitres and she guided us to a small table.

"So this is the restaurant I always come when I'm in Italy. I know that you will love the arabiatta" I winked at Max. We both took the pasta arabiatta and some white wine. When we waited for the food we spoke about what we were going to do back in monaco. I knew that I could not sleep with Max holding me every night and that made me a little sad. Max reassured me that we could spent as much time together as we wanted. We were after all living in the same building. As I promissed Max the food was amazing and we had a great evening also speaking about our lives. After I had payed we left.

"So do you have room for the dessert?" I asked.

"There is always room for dessert" Max laughed. We walked to an gelato stand. I took tiramisu flavour and Max took a panna cotta flavour.

"Can I test yours?" I asked and didn't wait for an answere. I licked the gelato as slowly as I could. I noticed Max shifting in his place.

"This is much better than mine, I wan't to switch" I pouted.

"Sure but next time I won't switch" Max said. We walked torwards the hotel when Max whispered to me:

"Screw the going slow I want you"

"Well I think I want to go slowly so you have to deal with that" I pointed at Max's tight pants "By your self". Max just groaned. When we got to the elevator he pressed me against the wall and started kissing my neck.

"No Max you wanted to go slowly" I reminded him.

"Well I don't want that anymore" He said. He grabed my hand and dragged me towards his room. After closing the door I was ready for the real teasing.

"I'm going to take a shower" I said, went to the bathroom and locked the door. After Max noticed what I did he groaned loudly. I was also hungry for him but I didn't want to give up so easily. I took a long shower before heading to the bed part of the room. When I saw Max laying in the bed I dropped my towel to the ground and stood my back facing him while I brushed my hair.

"Oh fuck Charles" Max moaned and came standing in front of me.

"What do you want me to do" He asked.

"fuck me" I said. Max moaned like that was just what he wanted to hear.

"Take off your clothes" I demanded. He did just what I asked him to do. I don't think someone has ever fucked me like he did. It was amazing.

"Do you want to be my boyfriend?" Max asked me when we were in the shower together to wash off the dirt.

"I would love to" I said. We had another make out session in the shower and I almos felt bad for Yuki. I think I had screamed Max's name as hard as I could. Max's moans were echoing in the bathroom while I was on my knees. The water was running thru my face while I was sucking Max's dick.

"I don't think I have ever been more horny than today" Max said after I had done my job.

"Next time is your turn to do the job" I laughed.

"I have never given a head" Max whispered. My eyes widened.

"You could have said something, I'm not going to pressure you to do anything you don't feel comfortable doing" I said and kissed Max.

"I know" Max said before falling asleep this time him in my arms.

-------------------------------------------

I have never written smut so we will see if I will ever write actual smut but hopefully you liked the chapter<3

I have been strugling with stress because of school and my computer has been having problems. But I really enjoy writing this story so hopefully you like reading this as much as I like writing!

Max's pov:

I was getting ready to go back to Monaco. I had been away from home for almost a whole month. I was flying with Lando, Carlos, Nyck, Daniel and also Pierre and Yuki who had decided to come to monaco I don't really know why but they just asked me if they could join us and Obviously I didn't say no.

It was currently nine am and Charles was still sleeping while I was packing my bags. I noticed Charles' hoodie on the ground and decided to wear it. I left one of my hoodies for him. Someone knocked at my door.

"Hey Max ready to leave?" Nyck asked.

"Yeah give me two minutes and I'll come" I said and closed the door. I walked over to still sleeping Charles. He was hugging a pillow with his back facing me. I took a quick photo before I climbed behind him and started kissing his back. He groaned and turned to face me.

"I have to leave now but you can stay here until you have to go" I said.

"Noo don't go" He complained and mooved on top of me so I couldn't leave him.

"Nyck is waiting me outside and you are leaving in a few hours Charlie" I laughed.

"Fine, When will we see again?" He asked and started kissing my face. I melted into his touch, I didn't want to go anymore but I had to or Nyck would get suspicious.

"Maybe tonight, but I'm not sure" I said and kissed him while getting up.

"Okay I'll see you tonight" he said and kissed me one last time before I left.

"I'll miss you" Charles shouted. I sighed when I closed the door and walked towards Nyck. I was going to miss Charles even tho we would probably see each other tonight.

"I'm not going to ask any questions yet" Nyck smiled at me.

"You better not ask when the others are with us" I said seriously. Nyck just smiled at me. We all took our rental cars to the airport, but because Nyck didn't have one he was riding with me. Since it was 'early' morning everyone, well except Daniel were looking tired.

"Max I'm never sleeping in the room next to yours" Yuki said when we were all finally sitting in the jet. I hid my fece behid my hands.

"Well I didn't say anything" Nyck laughed.

"What do you mean?" Carlos asked.

"Well when I went to get Max from his room he just said 'wait two minutes' closed the door and was gone for almost ten minuses and I heard someone saying something when you openned the door again" Nyck said.

"Oh come on man you agreed not saying anything" I was disapointed.

"Well Max now you have to tell us" Daniel laughed. I saw Pierre looking at me and shaking his head slightly. I knew that Charles would freak out if all of these people knew about us when we only confessed our feelings towards each other two days ago.

"Nope I will not say anything" I said.

"Pierre why you did you shake your head at Max I saw you?" Lando asked.shit.

"No I didn't" Pierre lied, but it wasn't very convincing.

"I didn't expect this" Daniel said.

"Oh for god sake I'm not sleeping with Pierre" I said frustrated.

"Max if you are sleeping with another man we're not judging you" Nyck said and everyone agreed.

"And I know who you are sleeping with I just didn't want to say it but I'm so bad at keeping seacrets and I wan't to tell them" Yuki said.

"Fine tell them, but you can't tell anyone do you all understand?" I asked sounding serious. they all agreed not telling anyone.

"And if I find our you have told someone without my agreement or the other ones I will tell some dirty seacrets about all of you" I threatened.

"So just to confirm you are sleeping with another man?" Lando asked excitedly. I nodded

"Yuki can you please tell us we want to know" Carlos said impatient.

"It's Charles" Yuki said and everyones mouths dropped.

"Well this was definitely something I didn't expect" Daniel laughed.

"Yuki how did you know?" Pierre asked. Yuki blushed.

"Well I heard Max screaming his name yesterday" He said quietly.

"Omg this is so embarrassing" I hid behind my eyes.

"No Max it's not. We are all happy that you are finally happy with someone" Pierre said "And I knew this before any of you knew" He bragged and everyone laughed. The rest of the flight went quickly when we were talking about the little break and everyone was asking me about Charles.

Charles's pov:

After Max left I got up and found out that he had taken my hoodie. I smiled because he had left one of his hoodies for me. I quickly changed my clothes, took all of my things and left the room. when I closed the door I bumped into Christianfantastic.

"Oh hello Charles" He said.

"Hey Christian" I said smiling and tried to get past him but he stopped me.

"Look I know that you and Max have something going on and I can't belive that I'm saying this, but I am really happy for you. Max has been stugling with his love life and I hope you can give him what he needs and the same goes other way around" He said smiling and left. I stood there speechles.Did he really just say that or was I dreaming? I guess he really said that. I looked at the time and realised that I would be late if I didn't go now.

"Well finally mister I'm always late" Arthur teased me.

"And whose hoodie are you wearing? As far as I know that is not yours" Lorenzo said.

"Well firts of all Arthur you should be grateful that you get to fly with me on a privat jet and second, This is my hoodie from now on" I said and gave a kiss to my mom. Atrhur looked down on his shoes but recoverd quickly.

"Mom will get the truth out of you once we're in the air" He said smiling. I sighed and we left towards the airport. I was sitting next to Lorenzo on the plane and mom and Arthur opposite us. I got a message from Max saying that yuki had heard us last night and told the rest of the guys on the plaine. 'merde' I whispered. I didn't know how to feel, I guess I was little bit scared. I didn't reply Max.

"What is it Charles?" Mom asked me.

"Nothing" I said quickly.

"C'mon Charles why can't you tell us?" Arthur asked.

"It's Max" Lorenzo said and I turned to look at him in shock.

"What!" I was so confused, how did he know?

"You came out to us before the race weekend and you said that you like Max and now you are wearing his hoodie" He said.

"how have you become such a detective?" Arthur asked happily now that he got the truth he wanted.

"I saw Max wearing that hoodie in the paddock on thursday" He said proudly. Arthur and mom started laughing. I was just angry.

"Can you stop talking about my love life I don't want to talk about it and you are just not leaving me alone" I said agrily almost shouting.

"Charles leclerc I did not raise you to be disrespectfull towards us! Yes I know this is a difficult subject for you right now but do not raise your voice" My mom said raising her own voice. I was shoked how she handled this situation. I stood up and left to sit on the other side of the plane. I texted Max that I wanted to see him asap when we landed. I put my headphones on and just sat there listening some random music. When we landed I took a separate taxi to my apartment. Luckily me and Max lived in the same building so I went stainght into his door. When he openned the door I started crying.

"Oh Charles come here! What happened?" He asked me while wrapping his hands around me.

"My mom yelled at me because I didn't want to speak about you to them and I'm just scared about how everyone will react when we tell them about us" I said it was hard because of the crying. Max lifted me up and carried me to his sofa where I cuddled closer to him.

"It's okay Charlie you don't have to be worried. Lando, Carlos, Yuki, Pierre, Nyck and Daniel all reacted well when they found out and your family didn't you come out to them as well?" he asked.

"Yes and they reacted well but now they are just rude and unfare towards me" I cried even harder now.

"Shh Charles everything will be alright I'm here and I'm not leaving you" Max reassured. When I had finally calmed down a bit I told him how Christian had reacted when he saw me coming out of Max's room.

"Christian is amazing team boss, but I definitely didn't expect this from him. He's not the most smartest when it comes to dating and Geri always tells me about that but I'm happy that he reacted so well" Max laughed

"Well I don't think Mattia would be as happy as Christian but maybe fred will. He has always liked me" I said and then realised what I said.

"No fuck fuck fuck please forget what I said" I was now freaking out again.

"I didn't even hear what you said" Max assured me and gave me a kiss. He definitely made me the happies and he comforts me when I'm feeling down. I think I'm falling in love.

Max's pov:

We had now been in Monaco for three days and I could not be much happier. I loved spending time with Charles and our friends. The slow mornings we had and the late nights when we stayed up doing couple cardio. We had been training normal things also obviously. Charles had been a little bit down because of the conversation with his mom. Pierre and I had reassured him that his mom was just being unfare because he was protecting Arthur as he was younger but deep down we knew that there was something else going on, but we just wanted Charles to be happy. Today was saturday and I had planned we would go boat riding just the two of us. Luckily it was looking sunny and warm.

I woke up at about ten am. I was spooning with Charles being the little spoon. I was admiring the view I had of Charles' back. I decided to let him sleep as long as he wanted. He had had another nightmare last night. It took a while for him to calm down so he needed the sleep. I walked into the wardrobe and picked up one of Charles's hoodie before walking to the kitchen. We were currently in his apartment. The light was shining thru the windows, I was smiling. I decided to make some breakfast and surprise Charles. I made some protein pancakes and avocado toast. I was actually not so bad cook that everybody thought I was. Charles was good at making some spesific foods but bad in everything else. I felt two arms wrap me from behind.

"Good morning sleepyhead" I said and turned around to give him a kiss.

"Hmmm I love you" Charles hummed as he was still very sleepy.

"You don't have to wake up yet if you are so tired" I suggested him.

"No I'm not tired" Charles protested and at the same time a big yawn escaped his mouth and I chuckled.

"I can take nap later I don't want to sleep without you" He said still hugging me. I loved his touch.

"Sure we can take a nap later" I said and turned back to cooking.

"So what are out plans for today?" Charles asked while I was putting food on the plates.

"I thought that we could go for a boat ride after morning workout" I said and gave him a plate.

"Sure sounds good, are we taking my boat?" Charles asked smiling.

"Yeah well I don't have such a nice boat like you do so I guess we are" I laughed.

"This food is so good, thank you Max" Charles said mouth full of food and gave me a kiss on the cheek. While we ate we chatted about what movie we could watch in the evening and should we get our lunch on the go so we could eat on the boat.

"I will clean up so you can go" Charles said and started cleaning the kitchen. I heard the doorbell ringing.

"Do you want to open or can I go?" I asked.

"You can go I'm not expecting anyone" Charles said. I walked towards the door and openned it.

"Oh hey Pascale and Arthur" I said surprised.

"Hey Max! Where is Charles?" Arthur asked looking confused. That could be because I was wearing a Charles star child hoodie.

"He's in the kitchen come in" I said and stepped aside so they could come inside.

"Who's at the door!" Charles yelled. Then he noticed his mom and brother standing in the kitchen. Charles was not wearing a shirt so I think Pascale could not have gotten a much worse first impression of me even tho I was wearing clothes, but they were still Charles's.

"What are you doing here?"

"Look Charles I know I have been a very bad mom these last few days and I should have been more supporting towards you and I'm really sorry about that" She said looking very sad. I could see Charles having some tears in his eyes so I walked to him and started rubbing his back.

"I know that you have been a bad mom and you should have been more mother like towards me when I was clearly having a tough time" tears were now falling from Charles's eyes.

"I know and I'm so sorry. I want you to be happy and that's all that matters to me" Pascale said now crying also. Charles walked up to her and they hugged.

"I love you Charles no matter what" She whispered.

"I love you too". when they broke the hug Arthur speaked.

"And I'm sorry too I shouln't have pressured you to tell us about your love life" He said.

"I know you can be very shitty you know that" Charles alughed and hugged Arthur.

"So are you dating?" Arthur asked looking at me. I looked at Charles and nodded slightly.

"Yes we are" he answered.

"I'm so happy for you" Pascale said smiling. "We have to get to know you better Max. When could you both come to dinner?" She asked.

"I think next week, I'm not sure about the date yet but we will tell you when we know" Charles said. after little bit talking they left and we got ready for morning gym.

"So how are you feeling, are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah I'm happy that they apologised so I can be in peace now" He said shrugging his shoulders.

"Good, I'm happy if you are" I said and kissed him. Charles started kissing me and his hands were quickly wondering under my shirt.

"Charlie" I said and broke the kiss. "We can do that later but Andrea and Brad will kill us if we don't go to the gym now" I said even tho I didn't want to leave.

"Finee" Charles sighed. "But after the gym do we go straight into the harbour so people don't see us together there?" He asked.

"Yes let's do that. Can you get the lunch when you leave the gym?" I asked.

"Sure! Bye" Charles left. We had to go seperately to the gym so it didn't look suspicious and we could not go near each other since that would start rumous. We also had to leave seperately. Charles took his car there and went twenty minutes before me. We were working out almost two hours and to be honest I was ready before Charles but I had to do something extra so we could stick to the plan. Throughout the workout I took a glance at Charles, he looked so hot while sweating.

When I could finally leave I was rushing thru the city so I could get my hands on Charles's body as fast as possible. I got to the harbour and practically ran to Charles's boat untill I realised I didn't know where it was. I had to call him.

"Hey where excatly is the boat?" I asked sounding rushed.

"You sound like you want something to do with me" He teased.

"Just tell me please" I begged Charles.

"Fine it's on place 316" Charles answered and I tried to walk there not looking suspicious. When I got inside the boat I saw Charles standing there waiting for me.

"Oh god I want you! You looked so hot while working out" I said releasing a breath I didn't know I was holding. I walked towards Charles but he stopped me.

"Not so fast Verstappen, I will get us away from the harbour first" He said and walked outside. I groaned, my dick was killing me. I had to wait almost ten minutes before I had the guts to go to where Charles was driving the boat. I needed to be sure no-one would see us. I wrapped my hands around his waist and started kissing his neck.

"You're sweaty" I pointed out and he laughed.

"Well no shit sherlock I was at the gym, and you are not the one who gets to comment how I'm sweaty when you smell like that" Charles teased me.

"I wanted to shower with you" I said giving Charles puppy eyes.

"Well we're going swimming asap when we are so far that no one can see us" Charles said and I just continued kissing his neck. after another ten minutes he stopped the boat.

"Ohh Maxie" Charles moaned and I was ready for some action.

"Let's go" I said and guided him back inside towards a big bed. I couldn't wait anymore and it looked like neither could Charles

"Please Max I need you inside of me" Charles was asking and I was delivering. After a very long and intense couple cardio we were both exhausted.

"I don't think I can walk anymore" Charles laughed.

"Well that means I did a good job" I said proudly.

"You definitely did, but should we go swimming now so I could get all this sweat away?" Charles asked. I nodded and we quickly put on our swim trunks on. Charles jumped into the water first and I didn't hesitate to follow. when my head came to the surface I instantly swam to Charles.

"What are you looking at?" He asked me.

"I'm hungry" I admitted

"For me or something else" Charles winked.

"For actual food you dummie" I laughed.

"Oh shit I forgot the lunch.." Charles said quietly.

"Oh Charlie" I laughed "What do we do now?"

"Well do you know anyone who has a boat and could bring food to us?" Charles asked sounding embarassed.

"Well I don't so I think we have to get back" I said.

"Wait Lewis has a yaht do you think he could get us some food?" Charles said.

"I doubt he would do that" I laughed and we swam back to the boat.

"Well I can check if there is any food in the kitchen" Charles said and left me alone at the deck.

"Hey there is actually some leftover salads!" He yelled and I went to have a look.

"I forgot that I let Joris borrow the boat two days ago so these must be his" Charles smiled happily and grabed salads and sodas for us.

"Well we have to thank our lord and saviour Joris then" I laughed. We went to eat the food on the deck. When we were done eating we went to lie down in the sun listening some music and just talking. After a while I noticed Charles peacefully sleeping there. I gave him a kiss on the forehead and started to scroll down my socials while I was gently brushing my fingers thru his hair. About half an hour later I got a message from Daniel. It was a link to some gossip page article. I quickly red the headline'Max Verstappen getting in Charles leclerc's boat in Monaco'. I frowned at the photo under the line. It really was me but how could they recognise me from it. I decided to just forget it, after all it was just gossip page.

The sun was starting to set when I realised Charles had been sleeping way too long for him to fall asleep easily at night.

"Wake up Charles" I whispered. He started to move a little so I gave him a kiss in the nose.

"We should maybe head back home" I said still carefully because if Charles would still be too tired he would be angry.

"I'm cold" He just hummed back.

"Let's go inside and get you a hoodie" I said and lifted Charles up, he was just hanging in my arms like a koala.

"We should come here more often" he said sounding sleepy. I noticed how he was shaking from the cold a little.

"We should but next time you have to have more energy so you don't sleep for half of the time" I laughed. I picked a hoodie for him and we headed back to the deck so Charles could get drive us back.

"Can we take a picture?" Charles asked me.

"Ofcourse if you want to" I gave him a kiss.

"I love you so much" Charles said to me while looking at me.

"And I love you too" I said and gave him another kiss. the picture turned out to be perfect.

---------------------------------

Hello again I couldn't get the picture there after the text so the picture they took is the cover of this chapter! Hope you enjoyed this. I think this might be my favourite Chapter yet<3

Charles pov:

I woke up feeling odd. My head was hurting, I was freezing, my eyes didn't want to open and my nose was running. I also felt my throat hurning and my muscles feeling sore. I groaned because of the bad feeling. I noticed that Max was still sleeping. I just watched him and thought about our great day yesterday. The day had been amazing and I wanted more days like that in the future! Suddenly I felt a sneeze coming, I tried to fight it but I had no chance. Max woke up immediately because of the sudden sound.

"Charlie are you okay?" He asked me.

"Yeah I'm good" I said trying to smile when my voice sounded weird and my nose was running like niagara falls.

"Oh don't lie to me, are you sick?" Max looked at me worried.

"I don't know, everything hurts and I'm so cold" I finally admitted whining.

"Come here, I will go make you a place on the couch soon" He said and openned his arms. I quickly hid in his arms. He put his hand in my forehead and hummed not sounding happy.

"You are hot" He said sounding serious.

"Well obviously I'm hot, if I was not you probably wouldn't be with me" I joked.

"Not the time to joke about this" Max said trying to hide his smile. "Come let's get you some comfy clothes and then lets make you a little nest in the sofa" He said and got up. I followed him to the closet. I was shaking because of the cold. Max dressed me into one of his hoodies and sweatpants, then he also gave me these kind of fluffy socks. after that we made our way to the living room. Max ordered me to sit down while he gave me many blankets, some tissues, water bottle, some medicine and a thermometer. He also openned the tv so I could watch something.

"So now let's see how bad your fever is" he said and putted the thermometer under my underarm. When it beeped he took it out and looked at it with a frown.

"So what is it?" I asked and sneezed.

"You have 39 degrees fever" He said and got up looking worried.

"I will run to the store and a pharmacy but I don't want to leave you alone in here" He said while thinking about his options.

"Just call Arthur he will come and watch me while you are gone" I suggested while I crawled under the blankets.

"Oh great idea, you should be sick more often" Max joked.

"C'moon you should be nice to me while I'm dying here" I said dramatically.

"I know I'm sorry" He gave me a kiss and then went to call Arthur.

"I'm hungry" I yelled while he was still speaking with him. Max came running to me and hung up with Arthur. Now I clearly have him wrapped around my finger.'I could take advantage of this'I thought smiling

"I'm so sorry but the fridgeis empty. Tell me what you want so I can get that" Max said while looking at me.

"I want avocado, chicken noodle soup, Ice cream and warm juice" i said while making puppy eyes at him.

"Ofcourse I will get those!" Max kissed me and walked towards the door because someone had just knocked.

"Max do you know where Charles is we were supposed to go to the gym this morning and he isn't home" Andrea asked. I heard Andrea's voice so I got up a little bit too fast and collapsed on the floor. I groaned, the fall also made a loud bang so Max came running back with Andrea.

"Omg Charlie what happened?" Max asked me while gently lifting me up and placing me back to the sofa.

"I was just coming to talk to Andrea but when I stood up I just collapsed" I explained while tears were running down my face.

"Okay you are not allowed to get up anymore without me do you understand?" Max said to me seriously. I just nodded.

"So you are clearly sick wich means no training in minimum three days and then we will take a look at the situation again" Andrea said looking confused probably because of how Max treated me and because I was in Max's apartment.

"Yep understood" I said and closed my eyes because I felt suddenly tired. I heard arthurs voice before I drifted off to sleep.

Max's pov:

"Hey Max and Andreas... what are you doing here?" Arthur asked confused.

"Me and charles were supposed to go to the gym but not now obviously" He said while looking at now sleeping Charles.  "But I have to go now, take care of him" Andrea said to me and patted my back. I was little bit confused but shrugged it off.

"So I will go to the store and pharmacy but please call me if something happens, and don't let him get up before I come back. He just collapsed to the floor and I'm not taking any risks" I guide Arthur.

"Sure will do that but can you also get something salty because usually when he's sick he wants like chips or salt crackers ect" Arthur asked me. I nodded and left.

I tried to be as quick as possible. It was not easy with the fans and at the pharmacy I also saw Daniel so I chatted a bit with him. I had to ask the workers help because I didn't know what to get. I ended up getting some cough medicine, painkillers, alexi pyretic (I only knew that it helps to lower the fever) and lastly some cooling pads. At the store I tried to buy as much things I knew that Charles liked. When I finally got back home Charles was still sleeping while Arthur was watching tv next to him.

"Babysitting Charles must be one of the most easiest job I have ever done" Arthur laughed when I asked how it had been.

"Great I will make him some breakfast now you can go back home thank you and I will call If I need you to come here" I said and walked to the kitchen. Arthur left quietly. When I was almost done with Charles's Avocado toas and warm juice I heard him calling me. I rushed into the living room.

"I'm so cold" He whispered still half asleep "And I have to pee" He added.

"Sure let me help you get up" I said and lifted him slowly into his feet.

"Can you walk?" I asked and Charles nodded. We walked slowly to the bathroom, I guided him inside and didn't leave him.

"You can leave me here I can do this myself" Charles laughed.

"I'm not taking any risks" I informed him and sayed beside him. After he was done I guided him back to the sofa and gave him the medicine that would get the fever down.

"This is disgusting" Charles said and gave it back to me.

"You have to still drink it otherwise it won't help" I said softly giving it back.

"But I don't want to drink it" He said almost crying. He was so weak and I didn't want to force him but I knew I had to.

"If you drink it you get your breakfast quicker and I will come cuddle you sooner" I tried to bribe him.

"But I get those no matter what" Charles said. He was clearly not falling for that.

"If you drink that you can post whatever you want to my instagram" I suggested. Charles immediately drank it and afterwards made a funny face.

"Great now give me your phone" He said and streched his arm towards me. I could't say no so I gave it to him. I went to get his breakfast while he was choosing a photo. I took the breakfast to the livingroom so Charles didn't have to get up. I sneaked up behind him to look at what he was going to post and I groaned when I saw the inchident video and a caption 'yes it was my fault Charles is the best driver ever<3'

"Are you really going to post that?" I complained.

"Well obviously" Charles smiled and hit post. I knew that I would be getting a ton of messages after this, but I wanted Charles to be happy so I decided to let that be.

"Okay now let's eat you were hungry" I said and gave Charles the food. I watched him while he ate food happily while watching some disney movie on tv. After we were done eating Charles was getting hot probably because of the medicine.

"I'm so hot" He complained while he was laying safely in my arms.

"But that's good, it means that the fever is dropping" I said happily.

"No it's not I'm feeling uncomfortable" he said and wiggled out of my arms. I sighed and got up to get him one of the cooling pads I had bought. When I got back Charles was giggling while looking at his phone.

"Tell me what they are saying" I said. I knew that this must be about the Instagram post. Charles just gave the phone to me while I gave the cooling pad to him.'Lestappen is real omg' said one comment. Pierre had commented also saying 'I knew this day would come' and f1 account commented 'netfix entered the chat'. I freaked out a little because now people were starting to become suspicious about us. When I looked at Charles I saw that he had fallen asleep again, he was probably very tired. I decided to head out to the balcony to work out a little, I didn't want to leave to the gym if something happened with Charles. I also didn't want to wake him up so working out outside was the best choise.

I had been working out about one and a half hour when I saw that Charles was calling me, I quickly answered.

"I need to pee" he said and I laughed.

"Sure I'm coming" I said and hung up. When I got to the living room I saw Charles looking very bad, tissues were all over the floor and his face was red.

"I feel terrible like I need to throw up" He said whispering. I quickly lifted him up and carried towards the bathroom. After he had peed he turned white and threw up luckily hitting the toilet. I bent down to take a look at his face that was pale.

"Oh Charlie I think we need to go to the hospital" I said. I was really worried about him.

"Yeah I think so too" He whispered leaning his head to my chest. It broke me to see him like this. I called Arthur to inform him that we were going to the hospital. He said that Pascale and him would also come after us.

"Okay Charles I will carry you to the bedroom so we can change hospital approved clothes" I said while I lifted Charles.

"I'm good thank you" He hummed. I took a look at him wearing redbull hoodie and black sweat pants.

"I'm sorry Charlie but we have to change your hoodie" I said and he whined when I took that off of him. I felt that the hoodie was sweaty so it was good that we changed that. I gave him the star child hoodie that I had stolen from him.

"Not wearing this" He said and giving it back to me. He was acting childish but I didn't want to argue with him so I just gave him another one of my hoodies which was not redbull one and he gladly accepted that. When I had changed I carried Charles to the hallway. I tied his shoes and grabed my car keys so we could leave. We were waiting for the elevator and I could feel Charles swaying from side to side.

"I feel dizzy" He said just before he collapsed again. luckily I catched him.

"Come on come fucking faster" I cursed to the elevator wich didn't help. When It finally came to us I could feel Charles hanging loosely in my arms. I ran to my car and just hoped that there were no fans outside. I gently placed Charles to the car. My hands were shaking while I was driving a little bit too fast. When after twenty minutes we finally arrived to the hospital Charles woke up.

"I need to throw up again" He said helplessly. I got out of the car helped him up and he literally threw up the second he got out of the car. After I was sure he would not throw up anymore I lifted him again and ran inside. Nurse came to me instantly.

"Hey I don't know what's wrong with him" I explained the situation to her and she guided me to a room so I could lay Charles down. Doctor came in right away and started to examine Charles. I was holding my tears. I was so scared because I didn't know what was wrong. after the doctor was done Arthur and Pascale came running to the room.

"How is he?" Arthur asked immediately. I couldn't get any words out of my mouth. I guess I was in shook. Pascale clearly saw how difficult this was for me and she started stoking my back trying to calm me down.

"I don't know. When we came here he threw up again" I managed to say still trying to fight my tears. We just stood there watching the nurses putting Charles in all kinds of tubes and changing him into some hospital clothes. After a while the doctor came back.

"So he is just having aggressive cold and I think that he might also be stressed about something wich has caused the vomiting. He also has tiny dehydration so we will fix that also. We will keep him here tonight and give him some new medicine, but I think he should be fine in couple of days" He said and we all took deep breaths because of the stress that was now going away.

"I think tomorrow you should talk to him about what is stressing him out so much and take care that he drinks enough after he's released from here" the doctor added.

"We will thank you very much!" Pascale said and shook the doctors hand before he left. The nurses were also heading out and one of them said that we could take a seat next to the bed. I stayed little bit behind so Arthur and Pascale could go see him first.

"I will get something to drink, do you want something?" I asked them. Both requested a water and I left to the cafeteria down the hall. I was still stressed and needed to talk to someone.

"Hey mom" I said when she picked up.

"Hey honey, what's going on it's almost ten pm shouldn't you go to sleep already?" She said worried. I hadn't even realised that it was that late.

"Yeah I need to talk to you about something very serious" I said and took a deep breath.

-----------------------------------------

Hey I'm back after a while! The exams and my hobbies have been keeping me extremely busy but now I have time again to write.

I hope you enjoued this part and thank you so much for reading and voting and commenting it means to me more than you know<33

(btw I don't personally really like the haas's new livery)

Max's pov:

I was scared because of Charles, even tho the doctors said that he would be fine but still. I had also been thinking about the fact that I hadn't told my mom about my relationship with Charles or that I was into men at all. Now I was going to drop that bomp to my mom this late and with no warning. I wasn't even talking to her in person. But I had to talk with her about this, I had been silent for over a minute when she spoke again.

"Max tell me I'm getting worried" She said sounding scared. I garthered myself okay Max you can do this she will love you no matter what'

"Mom I have a boyfriend" I whispered. It was silent for too long or so I thought.

"Max I know you like men you don't have to be scared to talk to me about things like this, I love you no matter what but I still think you shouldn't tell Jos yet" She said sounding happy and relieved. I released a breath I didn't know I was holding.

"Thank you" I said.

"But why would you tell this to me now and not when we are seeing each other in couple of weeks?" She asked. I knew she would be smart enough to get this.

"He's in hospital and I'm scared" tears were now streaming down my face.

"Well If he's in hospital why are you not there with him but you are talking to me" Mom laughed.

"I wanted his family to have time alone with him and I went to get something to drink" I thankfully remembered that now and started walking to the cafeteria.

"Well he will be fine and I think you should go back there, but are you going to tell me what happened or who is he?" I was thinking about my options but decided that I wanted Charles to have a say in this. I had seen how stressed he became when our friends found out about us. So I explained everything that happened today to my mom but told her that I didn't want to tell his identity before speaking with him first. After that we ended the call. I felt much calmer and lighter when I walked back to the room with two waters and one coffee for me. I had planned to stay awake the night. When I walked back to the room I could see that Charles was awake and he was chatting about something in french with his family as Lorenzo had also came there while I was gone. I didn't know if I should go closer but before I could think about it too much Charles saw me and called my name. everyone turned to look at me when I walked closer. I gave the waters to Pascale and Arthur before sitting to the only empty seat left. I took Charles' hand and started to rub it with my thumb while just watching him.

"I was so worried, don't do this to me ever again" I whispered again tears in my eyes.

"I'm sorry" Charles seemed tired and I didn't blame him.

"You have no reason to be please go to sleep" I said and lifted our intertwined  hands and kissed his. Charles just smiled before closing his eyes. We all sat there silent for few minutes until Lorenzo started speaking in french to the ohters. I was too tired to care so I just sipped my coffee while thinking about what we could do tomorrow if Charles felt any better. I notice how Arthur fell asleep on his moms shoulder and how Lorenzo was also yawning.

"You can go home to sleep if you want, I can see how tired you all are. I will be here the night and call if anything happens" I said and Pascale looked at me smiling.

"Thank you Max. I'm a lucky mom to know that Charles is in good hands with you" She said and smiled at me before gently waking up Arthur so they could go home. We said byes and in a falsh of light I was alone with Charles in the hospital room. I decided to read my messages because there was a lot. I saw that most of them were from the f1 grid group chat and I openned it only discover a picture of me carrying Charles to the car before coming to the hospital.

Pierre: What is this Max?

Daniel: Omg Lestappen is real!

Sebastian: Is Charles okay?

Lando: Wow I didn't think you would be this obvious in public yet...

Carlos: Lando!

Lando: What?

Carlos: You just exposed them to the whole group

Lando: Oh shhh sorry....

Alex: Omg I'm screaming so happy for you guys!!

Mick: But what happened to Charles and why neither of them are responding?

Lewis: I saw a gossip article there was a picture of Max and Daniel in pharmacy could this have something to do with this photo?

George: Is Charles sick?

Daniel: I think yes because Max was bying medicine for Charles

Sebastian: Max please answere us

2 hours later

Max: I'm sorry for not answering it has been a bit hectic but yes Charles is sick

Carlos: What hapenned to him?

Yuki: Yes and where is Charles now he hasn't even seen the messages

Max: Well Charles is sleeping since it's midnight... and we are at hospital

Sebastian: WHAT

Max: So basically when he woke up this morning he was feeling sick and he had like 39 body temperature, then later he also collapsed when he stood up and then even later started trowing up so I decided to bring him to the hospital and on the way to the elevator he collapsed again and I had to carry him to the car and thats how they got the photo i guess

Pierre: Is Charles okay?

Max: Yes he will be fine in couple of days but Checo could you maybe ask redbull's pr team to delete all those photos I don't think Charles will appreciate them when he wakes up

Checo: Yep I will

Sebastian: Oh poor Charles, but Max you should probably try to sleep a little bit so you can take care of Charles tomorrow and ask for help if you need someone will come if necessary

Max: I will good night!!

I sighed when I closed the phone, how could someone take a photo like that and put it on the internet. People were so cruel at times. Maybe I should try to sleep a little. I had to talk with Charles tomorrow about what is stressing him out so much that he had to end up in hospital for me to find that out.

"Good night Charlie, see you in the morning" I whispered and layed my head into his chest. I felt warmth spread over me as I felt Charles slowly breathing. I relaxed listening to his breathing and fell asleep almos immediately despite the coffee I had been drinking like an hour ago.

-------------------------------

Hello! a little bit shorter chapter today but I try to get another one already tomorrow for you

btw did anyone notice a little song line in this chapter?

If you didn't it's the last thing Max whispered to Charles before going to sleep. It's from Beautiful boy by John Lennon and I personally love that song and the lyrics fitted so well there! (you should listen that song ;))

Charles pov:

I had been sleeping for what felt like weeks. Sun was shining thru the curtains but the room didn't look familiar. I openned my eyes fully to see that I was in hospital and Max was sleeping his head on my chest. I didn't remeber how I got here, the last memory was from Max's bathroom throwing up. I tried to be as quiet as possible so that I didn't wake Max up. I was looking for my phone but didn't see it anywhere so we must have left it home. However I saw Max's phone at the table so I grabed it instead. He had told me his code so I technically didn't break in his phone. I went to read the messages in the f1 grid groupchat and when I saw the photo Pierre had sent I started freaking out. My pulse was starting to grow and breathing became rapid. Max woke up because of the sudden change in my breathing.

"Charlie what's wrong?" He asked while sitting up. He took my hand and started to rub the back of it.

"The photo" I managed to say and showed him the photo.

"Hey it's okay we don't have to worry about what anyone thinks about us and we don't have to react to the photo at all. You can't even see your face in it" Max assured me and it helped.

"And we don't have to tell about our relationship to the media if you don't want to. Well maybe some day but not in a near future" He added.

"Yeah maybe some day but not now" I laughed and relaxed. The door to the room openned and doctor walked to the room with some nurses.

"So we will run some last tests now so we know if you can go home" He said and quickly the nurses started taking some blood and god knows what. I was uncomfortable and I think it must have looked weird how the nurses just kept doing everything weird. I saw Max taking photos of me. I smiled and winked towards the camera.

When the tests were ready I got some breakfast and Max got coffee. We were chatting about everything and nothing untill Max became serious.

"What?" I asked.

"Charles you need to tell me what is stressing you out because yesterday the doctor said that your reactions were caused because of stress and the cold combined" He said looking serious. I bit my lip. I didn't really know it myself what was causing all that but I had to speak to him.

"Well I think it's this shit season and being with you. I'm scared what others would think if we announced that we are together" I said and continued eating. Max was looking at me smiling sadly.

"I know and I'm also scared about that, but we will get thru this together. And remember that Mattia will not be there screwing the team next year" Oh how Max always knew what to say to get me feel better. I never knew I would need him this much.

"Thank you" I whispered and kissed him just before the doctor came back telling us that I could go home if someone was there looking after me the next two days and he didn't give me permission to work out for the next week wich would be difficult because the next race is in singapore, and it is the most tiring race of the year. He also gave me a prescription for some new medicines wich I had to go get right after leaving the hospital

I luckily felt much better than yesterday but I had still some fever and the regular cold symptoms. I switched the hospital clothes to my (well Max's) clothes and we headed outside. Iuckily there wasn't any photographers outside, but instead at the pharmacy I saw many people recording me while I was getting the medicines. Max was waiting for me at the car wich was a good decicion after all. I knew that ferrari was releasing a statement where everyone could read about what happened with me. I was at the pharmacy way too long because people kept stopping me trying to get pictures wich I kindly declined as I was sick. How do these people have the guts to ask photos at the pharmacy when everyone now knew that I had been in hospital.

When I finally got back to the car and Max drove us to his place I was pretty much exhausted and hungry. It had been a fairly quiet car ride back and I don't know why but I was too tired to care about that. After taking my shoes off I fell down on the sofa and closed my eyes. I felt Max sitting down besides me.

"You have to take the medicine first before you sleep" He said softly and stroked my hair. I just hummed in response while getting up and taking the glass of water and pill that Max had brought me. I drowned them quickly and then took Max in my arms and layed back down.

"I love you thanks for everything" I whispered into his ear and felt his shiver.

"I love you too" He said and turned so he was facing me. Max started to kiss my face. I giggled as it tickled me.

"Charles can I tell my family about us?" Max asked after a while now serious again.

"Ofcourse you can! I have told my family so why couldn't you tell?" I asked little confused.

"Well I was thinking that you might not want to tell about us to any more people now that the whole grid also knows" He said now smiling.

"But it's your family we are talking about, I want you to tell them because I'm serious about us" I said planting a kiss on top of Max's nose.

"Oh I love you so much" Max laughed and flipped us so I was under him.

"But can I confess something?" I asked while starting to feel a little horny. Max just nodded.

"I'm hungry" I said trying to keep a straight face, but failing miserably.

"Well then we have to make some food for you. What do you want?" Max asked clearly amused.

"Soup" I said and sneezed.

"Well you stay here while I'm making you some chicken noodle soup" Max smiled and left to the kitchen. I openned the tv and started watching Home alone the christmas movie. It was only september but I love christmas movies and Home alone is a classic. After like half an hour Max came to the livingroom with the soup and we started eating.

"I never knew you were such a good cook. I'm never cooking again" I said wile eating the delicious soup.

"Well who doesnt like a good food and I don't have anyone to make food for me so I have to bee good cook" He said eyes focused on the film.

"Well you could teach me to cook so I could someday make good food for you" I said a little cheekily.

"Good idea mister I am stupid" He laughed.

"Hey only I can call myself stupid" I said fake offended.

"Oh I'm not so sure about that" Max said smiling and putting his bowl away and turning to me. I also put the bowl away and stopped the movie. I knew I craved for Max's touch and the fire in his eyes told me that he wanted me as much. We sat there not moving for about ten seconds untill we started to wrestle. quickly our shirts were on the floor and Max had picked me up and was now carrying me towards the bedroom where he laid me down gently.

"Are you sure you can do this?" Max asked and I didn't hesitate, I was nodding my head like crazy.

"Well in that case it's my turn to do the work so you wont exhaust yourself" He said and was quickly on top. I didn't fight him I was too tired for that, but I enjoyed every minute of his body working for my pleasure.

-----------------------------

I'm so sorry for not getting this part ready yesterday but it was far more busy day than I had thought it would be but thank you for being patient.

I don't really know if I like this chapter but hopefully you like it! My exams are almost over so I have more time to write again (hopefully).

Max pov:

Charles had gotten better so fast that I couldn't quite belive it. He was training hard for the next race and to be honest I kinda hoped that he would win. I knew that I would be the champion and so did Charles so in my mind Charles's happines was more important for me than me securing the championchip as early as possible. Unfortunately Charles had to fly to Maranello before leaving to singapore so I was currently playing fifa in my appartment alone. Charles had been gone four days already and I had started to miss him maybe too much, even tho we had been texting and calling every day. Luckily I was leaving to singapore tomorrow evening so I could see him in little bit under two days. We were both staying in the same hotel so we could be seen with each other there.

I got frustrated because of the game and stopped playing and threw the controller away. I was laying on the sofa with Charles hoodie. I loved wearing his hoodies so I wore them pretty much all the time. I started thinking about what we could do when the winter break started. I knew that Charles wanted to visit Indonesia so I thought about booking us a trip there as a surprise. I decided to call Arthur so I could make sure Charles was free after Abu dhabi and hadn't booked a vacation already. It didn't take long before he picked up.

"Hey Max what's up?" He asked.

"Hey I was thinking that I want to surprise Charles and book a holiday for us after Abu dhabi, so I wanted to make sure that he was free then" I said smiling while looking for flights at my computer.

"yeah I have his Calendar and he's free after the post season testing and doesn't have anything untill new year" Arthur said slowly.

"Great, thank you Arthur" I smiled.

"No problem! Can I ask where you want to take him?"

"I was thinking Indonesia, do you think that's something he will like?" I asked.

"Oh that's great choise, he has been talking about wanting to go to bali for like the whole year" Arthur said sounding excited. "Now I'm just sad that I can't go with him, but I'm sure you will have a lot of fun" I could hear the tone switching and I chuckled.

"Yeah he has been talking about that a lot. But can you make sure he doesn't book a trip to that week or a trip to Bali for that matter?"

"Yep I can do that if you make him bring me some souvenirs from Singapore" Arthur laughed.

"Great I will do that. Do you have something in mind that you want?" I asked.

"Hmm, I have been wanting the Dior sneakers that Charles has" He said sounding a little shy, maybe because they were quite expensive.

"Sure I'll se what I can do about that! But I have to go pack and book the tickets now bye" I said and hang up. I purchased flights from dubai to bali and a five star hotel so we could relax properly. I was so excited that I could take Charles on a proper vacation. When my phone rang and I saw Charles calling me I freaked out a little because I didn't want to spoil the surprise, but after few deep breaths I answered the face time call.

"Hi Max I miss you! What are you doing?" Charles said smiling. I saw that he was laying in bed.

"I miss you too, but not long before we're in Singapore" I said happily. "I was just going to pack my bags". We talked the whole night and Charles kept me company while I packed my bags. When the clock was ten we ended the call and I went to sleep happily.

The next day rolled around, and I slept surprisingly well. I had to go to the gym with my trainer to do last preparations for the weekend. I saw Daniel at the gym and we chatted a bit before I left. It was almost certain that he wouldn't have a seat next season and I was sad because he was my best friend after all. Daniel didn't know what he would be doing next year or he just didn't want to tell me yet. After the gym I didn't really know what I should do. There was still plenty of time before the flight so it led me to just pacing around the house while thinking about what I should do. Finally I decided to just leave to the airport four hours before the flight wich was a good decicion. They were running low with staff so even tho I had buisness class seat I still had to wait in line for security check and baggage drop ect.

When I finally got seated on the plane I texted Charles that I was on my way. The flight went by pretty quickly, well that was maybe because I slept for half of it. I also watched some new movies I had not had time to go see and ate some good food. When we landed I was the first one getting off the plane and I was almost running thru the airport. I wanted to see Charles and go to the hotel as quickly as possible. I hadn't quite realised how much I missed him. Well yes I knew I missed him but this much was almost scary. I missed his smile and laugh. I missed his touch and his good looking body. I missed his smell and his stupid jokes. I got frushtrated when I had to wait for my baggage longer than five minutes. When I finally rushed to the arrivals and was looking for my driver who would take me to the hotel I almost started crying when I saw Charles instead of my normal driver. I ran to him and took him in my arms.

"Omg I missed you so much" I said while hugging him tightly.

"I can't breathe" Charles laughed before tightning his grip around my waist. "I missed you too so much" He whispered before letting go of me so we could go to the car.

"I didn't know you would bring me to the hotel from here" I said while we were walking towards some random car since we didn't get our own here because the track was literally in the middle of the city.

"Well I wanted to surprise you so obviously I didn't tell you in advace" He said sarcastically.

"But what did you do to the original guy that was supposed to pick me up?" I asked still kinda confused.

"I just told Christian that I would pick you up" Charles laughed. We drove to the hotel while catching up since we hadn't seen each other in almost a week. I had missed his smile so much.

I checked in to my room so it wouldn't be suspicious but took my things straight to Charles's room since there was no point in taking them somewhere else. We would be sleeping in the same bed either way.

"So what's the plan for today?" I asked while jumping to lay on the bed. It was only mid day so we had plenty of time left today.

"I need new underwear I forgot to pack enough" Charles said hiding his face behind his hands and I started to laugh.

"Oh Charlie I missed you and your stupidity" I said while laughing. Charles just crossed his arms and tried to look offended but ended up laughing and coming to lay down next to me.

"But I was thinking that it's almost Arthurs burthday so we could get him a gift also and I need new sweat pants" I said.

"So shopping day it is" Charles said happily. "But I need to go to the gym also at some point" He added and I agreed. I changed my clothes and then we left to the shops near the hotel.

"So first your underwear what do you want?" I asked while trying to navigate us to the nearest mall.

"I thought you would know what I want" Charles said with a low voice that got me off guard.

"Yep so Calvin it is" I said a bit too stunned to speak while Charles just laughed.

"I have no idea what to get Arthur" Charles complained while I was choosing boxers for him.

"Well has he said that he would want anything?" I asked trying to not be too straight forward. "What size are you?" I asked when I finally picked the good ones, I don't know why Charles didn't do this by himself.

"Arthur said something about some sneakers" He said clearly not listening me so I just got xs and shoved them into his hands.

"How small you think my ass is?" He said faking his disapointment.

"Well I asked you and you didn't answere" I said shruging my shoulders. I saw Charles switching to one size larger and I saw an opportunity.

"So your ass is small not extra small"

"Oh my god Max stop that my ass is bigger than yours" He said blushing now.

"Well I wouldn't be so sure about that, but if you say so" I said took the boxers and went to pay them.

"Oh I can pay them thanks" Charles said and tried to take them away from me.

"Nah I feel like spoiling you today" I winked and he was clearly happy about that.

"Well it's nice to be the one recieving once" He said probably reffering to his girlfirends before me.

"So the Shoes Arthur wanted" I said so I could get his atention back to the gift I had promissed Arthur.

"Yes! Well he wanted some type of sneakers but I don't remember wich ones" Charles said clearly bit of frustrated. I didn't know how I could hint about the dior ones but like a gods gift from heaven dior shop was in front of us.

"Dior! Thats the sneakers he wanted" Charles almost yelled.

"Shh Charles I don't want any fans noticing us" I tried to calm him down while walking towards the dior shop.

"Yes sorry" Charles smiled. When we walked to the store a nice lady came to us asking if we were looking for something in particular and Charles told about the shoes. The lady showed us the shoes.

"I didn't even realise he wanted the same ones that I have" Charles mumbled while looking at the shoes.

"Well now you can match with him" I said smirking. Charles picked the right size

"Arthur has to be thankfull because I'm buying him such expensive presents" Charles said and as we were walking toward the cash counter he saw something and stopped.

"Max do you see the sweather, isn't it so good looking" He said while stepping closer to some kind of sweather that looked really nice in my opinion also.

"Yes it's pretty, do you want to try it?" I asked very well aware what would happen now if Charles liked it.

"Can I?" He asked and I just nodded. The sales associate got the right size for Charles. I waited for him while he tried it.

"Well what do you think?" Charles asked while stepping out of the changing room.

"It looks great on you, do you want it?" I asked knowing that I would be buying this for him now.

"Well yes but I don't know if I should" He said trying so hard to think about it.

"Well I think you should get that" I said smiling and after a bit of convincing Charles he agreed. when he got back and we were walking towards the cash counter again I took the sweater.

"I will buy this for you and I won't take no for an answere" I said and turned away from him so he couldn't say no. After we walked out of the store I was happy and I saw that Charles was also happy wich made me even happier. We went to get me the sweat pants wich Charles insisted on paying and I agreed after a ten minute conversation. I knew that my birthday was in a couple of days so I assumed that Charles had gotten something for me so that's why I wanted to buy him some stuff and also I was going to get a huge bonus because of the wdc. He didn't notice but I had bought him two pink boxers so he would be surprised when he would see them.

"I'm hungry, should we eat here or at the hotel?" I asked.

"I think at the hotel, we have been so lucky not to be spotted by fans so I don't want to take any more risks" Charles said and I agreed. We walked back to the hotel lobby and saw Carlos.

"Oh nice did you give Charles your credit card" Carlos joked at me because I was carrying all the bags while Charles was smiling next to me. Charles face got red and I just laughed.

"Oh my god why can't Lando ever buy me something" He said fake sadly and then laughed before walking away.

"Well now we know what Lando should give Carlos for his birthday" Charles joked when we got to the elevator. I was so happy to have made him happy.

-----------------------------

A bit of a different type of Chapter today hope you like it, I sure did!

Thank you for voting and reading<3<3

Charles pov:

I had finally gotten better and the cold was only in memories, probably because it was so freaking warm in Singapore and I was constantly sweating. Max and I had great time here before the fuss of the weekend began. Thursdays media day had been busy and I was tired of the questions about the long lost championchip. Fortunately Max had assured me that next year would be better for me and I was becoming obsessed about the fact that I wanted to be champion next year. I had promissed to see Pierre in the evening and we were going to go eat at the Marina bay sands hotel restaurant wich had beautiful wiews over the city.

"So tell me about the Alpine seat" I said straight when we sat down. Pierres mouth dropped.

"How do you know about that?" He said shoked.

"Well I didn't but now I know" I laughed, Pierre just looked at me angrily before finally smiling.

"I'm so happy to get a better car next year and finally have a clean table, but I'm obviously sad about leaving Yuki and the team. They are like my other family" He said looking a little bit sad but smile coming to his face almost instantly.

"I don't know if I am excited about being estebans team mate, but if I keep beating him then it wont be a problem" He laughed

"Well maybe you and Esteban become best friends and you replace me with him" I laughed. "But you totally deserve this and maybe we could finally be on the podium together" I said smiling

"Yeah that would be nice, but I have to actually drive the car before we could do that. But enough about that, how are things with Max?" Pierre asked now leaning his head to his hands.

"Well things are really great, I think I couldn't wish for anyone better for me than Max, because he's just perfect" I said smiling. Max made me the happiest I had ever been, he took care of me when I was sick, he treated me right, he wanted me to be happy and it worked every time. He always lissens to me and comforts me when I am sad or have something on my mind.

"I think you are in love with him, like head over heels" Pierre said looking very happy for me.

"I think so too and I don't ever want to lose him"

"But tomorrow is Max's birthday and I'm not really sure about my gift" I said because I needed advice.

"Well what do you have for him?" Pierre asked now leaning closer, he was looking courious.

"Well I bought us a tickets to a coldplay consert because I really couldn't think about anything he needs or wants. Plus I want to go to a clodplay consert so it's also a present for also myself. But he hasn't mentioned anything he wants and I have tried to get information from everywhere" I said stressed.

"I think it's a great present, because who doesn't love coldplay" Pierre said shruging.

"But is that enough?" I asked.

"Well I think he would like for you to take him out like a date night and then maybe give him all the control at night" Pierre said and we laughed.

"Well The concert is between Mexico and Brazil and it's in Brazil so I think I could add that there also" I said thinking about the great idea that Pierre had given me.

"I think he would like that very much" Pierre said smiling.

"I also heard from Carlos that Max had literally gave his credit card for you" Pierre laughed. I blushed.

"Well what can I say, he wanted to treat me even tho I have no idea why" I smiled, another reason why I loved Max even tho I was not after his money since I had enough myself. But the way he wanted to give me something I liked even tho it wasn't my birthday yet was nice.

The rest of the night was great. I had missed talking to Pierre like this. Ofcourse we texted all the time and when we saw each other in the paddock we made sure to catch up. Howeever it wasn't the same then. Now we had time and food so it was perfect for shit talking and serious talk. But I was more than happy to get back to the hotel room where Max was waiting for me. He was laying in bed but got up when he heard me entering the room.

"How was the dinner?" He asked and got up so he could give me a kiss.

"It was great, I missed having time to talk properly with Pierre" I said while hugging Max tightly. "But I missed you" I whispered and Max chuckled.

"Well now you are here and we are together" he said while giving a kiss to the top of my head.

"Can we please take a shower together?" I said looking up at him while giving puppy eyes.

"How could I say no to that" Max said now with a low voice and he guided me towards the bathroom. To my amazement, he startder filling the large bathtub that was next to the shower, and I didn't mind that at all. He started undressing me and I couldn't help but left a slight moan out of my mouth. He was so gentle but also rough at the same time. It didn't take long before I stood there naked shivering from coldness. Max had undressed himself quickly. When the bath was almost ready he put there some kind of bubble bath thing so there were lot of bubbles. We climed there and Max placed me between his legs my back facing his chest. The water was warm and I was relaxing properly while resting my head in his chest. Max was keeping his arms tightly around my chest and it made me feel protected. It also made me sleepy, wich was not weird since it was almost midnight.

"I love you so much" I whispered to Max. He tightenned his grip and gave me a kiss to my head.

"I love you too Charlie, so much" He said sounding emotional. I turned around so I could see his face. There were tears in his eyes.

"It everything okay?" I asked little bit worried.

"Yes I'm just so happy and lucky to have you. I never told this to you, but before you broke up with Charlotte I had feelings for you and I have known that I like you quite a while before we got together so now I am just so happy that we are together" Max said. Now tears were falling from my eyes also.

"Oh Max" I said smiling and pulled him toward me. I kissed his lips softly before it got a bit more hungry and needy. I moved on top of him so I could get a better view over him. I think this was my first time having sex in a bathtub full of water. After that we took a long shower but that was a little bit more normal or not. I decided that I wanted to clean Max myself so I took one of the hotels shower gels and a sponge. I started cleaning him softly and carefully so he could enjoy this as much as possible. As I mooved to next spot I always gave him a kiss first.

"Do you want me to wash your hair" I whispered into his ear and Max just nodded. I grabed the shampoo and started to massage his head slowly and I could feel him enjoying this. When I was done with him Max insisted cleaning me and I didn't object. It felt good to be intimate but not doing anything dirty.

"We should do this more often" Max said while clibming to the bed next to me.

"I know, this could be our pre race weekend ritual" I suggest and Max agreed. I was drifting off to sleep while this time I was the big spoon. I had learned that Max liked being the little spoon so we would switch roles sometimes and I thought that it would be fair for him to get the atention now.

"Good night Max" I whispered but he had already drifted off to sleep.

"Mon âme sœur"(My soulmate)

---------------------------------

Happy weekend everyone!

thank you for 7k reads already<3

This is a little bit short chapter but I thought that it would become too long if I would write about the whole weekend here. Enjoy!

Charles pov:

It was now friday wich was also Max's birthday and I woke him up by giving him ton of kisses and we had a great morning workout together. We had agreed to celebrate his birthday properly between Japan and Cota, because this weekend the race was late in the evening so it made things a little bit harder. We were also leaving to Japan already monday so we couldn't celebrate then, and Max had a ton of extra work in Japan because of the honda partners. But back to reality, I wanted to give Max his pressent after the breakfast and before that we took a long shower together.

"So how do you feel about being 25?" I asked.

"Pretty good, but nothing different so far" He shrugged while changing clothes. "but can we go eat now I'm starving and I feel like eating some croissants" He said and I just laughed and grabed his hand leading him towards the elevator. Since we were living in european time it was already almost two pm so there were only people working in f1 and not the usual tourists eating. We grabbed our foods and sat down with Pierre, Carlos, Checo, Mick, Alex and Esteban who were talking about the next season.

"So Esteban do you know who will drive with you next year?" I heard Checo asking and I took a quick glance at pierre. He had told me last night about his contract with Alpine.

"Well yes but I obviously can't tell you about that" He said looking a little uncomfortable but luckily Pierre saved him.

"Happy Birthday mate!" he said to Max who had sat next to him and he patted his back.

"Thanks" Max smiled and took a sip of his coffee. Everyone else wished him a happy birthday also and then the gazes shifted to me as I didn't say anything. I didn't notice it right away until I felt the eyes looking at me.

"What?" I asked confused.

"Aren't you going to wish Max a happy Birthday?" Alex asked.

"Well If you forgot it already we are dating so do you actually think that he hasn't done that already" Max said and we sarted to laugh. Soon everybody else joined.

"So what did Charles give you?" Carlos asked.

"Nothing yet, he said he would give it after breakfast" Max said.

"Oh I wan't to know what it is!" Mick said and everyone else agreed.

"Well too bad for you then" I laughed. We ate and talked almost an hour before everyone decided to leave so we could get ready for the practice day.

Max pov:

Me and Charles left to go back to our room and I was exited about his birthday gift for me. I didn't really know what I was expecting since I didn't have anything I needed. When we got to our room Charles went straight to his luggage and picked up a gift bag I hadn't noticed there.

"I hope you like this, it was really hard to get you anything" Charles smiled and gave me the bag. I thanked him and openned it right away. I picked up two tickets to a coldplay consert. I knew Charles loved Coldplay and I also liked their songs. I think this was something Charles wanted us to do together so that made the gift hundred times better.

"I thought that something we would get to do together would be a good present" Charles said looking nervous.

"I love this" I said giving Charles a hug and a kiss.

"The consert is between Mexico and Brasil so we get to have a tiny holiday there and I promise that after the concert when we get back to the hotel you are free to do anything with me that you want" Charles said and winked. My mouth openned, I was too stunned to speak.

"This must be the best present I have ever gotten" I mumbled and a smug smile crept up on my face. "I can't wait for this" I said excitedly.

"There is something else also in the bag" Charles said smiling. I looked inside and noticed a pair of socks with little pictures of Charles face all over them. There was also a red Ferrari shirt with the number 16 on the back of it.

"Oh my god I will wear these socks in the paddock, these are amazing" I laughed. "Thank you Charlie I can't think of a better gift than this" I wrapped my arms around him and gave him a ton of kisses around his face. I was so thankfull about everything I had right now, because I had everything I wanted.

"How much time do we have before we have to go to the track?" Charles asked. I checked my watch.

"almost an hour" I said and saw Charles smirking and I knew what he was thinking about.

"Are you sure You will be able to drive after that?" I asked.

"Well it's worth it" he said and forced me to go backwards towards the bed untill I fell there. I have to say that it definitely was worth the tiny pain that was in my ass while driving the practices.

I was in top four in each practise and that made me feel confident. I also decided to wear the socks with Charles face on it on saturday and I got ton of questions about them. I just said that it was lost bet and a gift that I got from Charles, so people wouldn't get too suspicious about them. Even tho I don't really know how people can make all kinds of theorys from such a small things like socks.

Before the qualifying I sneaked into Ferraris hospitality so I could wish good luck for Charles. I think that Carlos saw me but he didn't luckily say anything. But the qualifying itself was going great until the very last lap.

"Box Box Max" I heard that when I was almost finished with my fast lap that would have definitely given me the pole.

Fuck why what the hell" I cursed to my radio. I was furious. I was starting from eight place wich was maybe my worst qualifying this year.

"We have to have enough fuel otherwise you have to start last" My race engineer told me. I was so angry that when I got out of the car I didn't talk to anyone. I went to do the interviews but I must have looked so angry that nobody asked me more than one question. I went to the teams debrief and didn't pay antention. I just wanted to go back to the hotel and be comforted by Charles.

I had been waiting for Charles almost an hour already. I got mad that he wasn't here already and went to shower by myself. When I came back Charles had came back and was sitting on the bed reding something on his phone. I just walked right past him to my suitcase and picked up some clothes.

"Max I am so sorry about your qualifying" Charles said while closing his phone. He got up from the bed and started walking towards me. However I was mad, not sure why but I just was so I walked past him back towards the bathroom.

"What's wrong?" Charles asked frowning as he followed me.

"Everything is fucking shit I don't want to talk" I yelled. It wasn't my intention to yell but I couldn't control myself.

"Max slow down I haven't done anything" Charles said now also raising his voice.

"Go fuck yourself" I said and closed the bathroom door. However he came to the bathroom right after me.

"Max what the hell is wrong with you? I am trying to comfort you because I knew that you had a shitty qualifying but it's not the end of the world. You won in spa from like p12 now there are only seven cars infront of you so I don't understand what's the problem" Charles said calmly.

"Well I am supposed to be the Champion this weekend and my team is constantly fucking it up" I screamed now louder.

"You don't get to talk about that" Now Charles was also screaming. "You have won almost every race while my team is cinstantly fucking me up having bad strategies and pitstops".

"Well that is not my problem" I was now looking at Charles who had tears in his eyes.

"At least I am always happy if you do well but now that you do decent job you are just yelling at me" Charles now screamed while tears were falling from his eyes.

"Well mister perfect qualifying can just fuck off then" I said and turned away. I could feel his eyes at me.

"You don't mean that Max" Charles whispered. I turned around

"I do, now get out" I screamed. He didn't even hesitate and just slammed the bathroom door shut. After about two minutes I could hear the hotel room door slamming shut.

He was gone.

-------------------------

Btw I don't really like Alpha tauri's car, last year I loved it but now it looks a bit weird. But I love Alfa Romeo's car!

Charles pov:

I slammed the door shut. I had just gotten my most important things and left. Tears were not yet falling but I could feel them coming. How did he think he had the audacity to scream at me when I hadn't done anything wrong. Or had I? What if he didn't really love me or I wasn't enough for him. What if he was just using me. I was thinking about my options. I wans't going to go back there and let him just scream at me. My best option was to get new room since he was at my room and his own room key cards were at mine. When I got to the desk I didn't even think about the fact that it was f1 weekend and all the hotels would probably be full.

"Hey can I have a room for two nights?" I asked while trying to smile.

"I am so sorry but we are fully booked untill monday" The lady behind the desk said smiling.

"Are you sure you don't have any rooms, I can pay more if thats the problem" I said now shoked.

"I am sorry but no rooms available right now" She said. I sighed, thanked her and went to sit down on one of the sofas in the lobby. I had to call someone and my only options were either Carlos or Pierre. I decided to go with Carlos since he and Lando would maybe have one extra room. I felt bad because I had to ask for help, but I didn't really have other opinnions.

"Hey Carlos!" I said trying to sound as normal as possible while the tears were slowly climbing to my eyes.

"Hey Charles, what's up?" He asked.

"Do you and Lando happen to stay only in one hotel room?" I asked.

"Yeah in mine why?" He asked now sounding a bit confused.

"Well could I have keys to the empty room?" I asked.

"Yeah sure just come to my room 326 and I'll give it to you" Carlos said sounding worried.

"Thank you so much" I said and hung up. I left the lobby and went to Carlos's room. I got the keys and refused to answere any questions about why I needed them. Carlos wasn't asking, I think he got why I needed the room but Lando instead was asking questions while Carlos tried to get him to stay quiet. I thanked them both for the keys and the room and left. When I got to the room I broke down completely. I had been trying to keep the tears for not coming but I couldn't do that anymore. I felt so bad but also angry. I knew I had to sleep and be prepared for tomorrow since it would be an important day and I had a chance of winning wich would make it a bit easier to get even the second place in the drivers championchip.

When I finally fell asleep crying I saw a nightmare about how someone chrashed and then died after that I woke up sweaty. I had slept barely for five hours. It was hard trying not to cry anymore.

Max Pov:

When Charles had left the room I was angry. How could he just leave me here all by myself after all that I had done for him. He just left me and took most of his belongings with him. He had the audacity to blame me for my behaviour when it clearly wasn't my fault. Or was it? Did I just kick him out of our, no his hotel room. Would he have a place to stay the night at or had I just done the wrong thing. Was I the bad guy here?

"What the hell did I do?" I cursed. I had just kicked the love of my life out of here. He probably won't ever love or speak to me again. He had just came back from hard day at the track where he had nailed the qualifying and firstly he wanted to make me feel better about my qualifying. He wanted me to feel better instead of me gratulating him on his pole Instead of accepting the help I had screamed at him and kicked him out. He didn't do anything wrong, I did. He had just gotten the pole position and I hadn't even congratulated him. But he had been gone too long after the qualifying and hadn't tried to find me in the paddock so this was all his fault! Or at least that's what I tried to convince myself.

Charles pov:

I had had a decent race even tho I had barely slept and I had cried for hours. I had decided that I didn't want to be the first one to interact with one another since this was all his fault. Pierre and Carlos were at my side. They told me that I had to stay stong and wait for him to appologise. I was really mad at myself for not winning todays race, but I guess that things didn't want to go on my way like ever. Luckily I had Pierre by my side the whole time. I couldn't ask for a better friend than him. I had to explain the situation for Carlos also so he could act properly around me.

On monday I flew with Carlos to Japan and we had great time together. He helped me to laugh again and made me forget Max. When I openned my suitcase in a hotel in Suzuka I saw the new sweater that Max had bought me and I started to ugly cry. I missed him so much, his warmth, smile and kisses. It wasn't easy especially because it was Japan. Jules chrashed here and then months later died. The memories were coming back to my mind and I knew I couldn't deal with them by myself so I decided to call Arthur. I chose face time so I could see him. I missed my little brother but luckily I would be able to see him after Japan.

"Hey Charles what's up?" He asked smiling. I saw that he was laying in bed. He must have just woken up because of the time difference.

"Max and I had a fight and I miss Jules" I blurted out while tears were falling.

"What happened?" He asked while sitting up straight.

"Well after qualifying in Singapore in... in the hotel room when I got there and tri tired talking to him about his bad qualifying he... he just started screaming at me and then kic kicked me out" I cried.

"What a dick!" He said now angry. "I will talk to him".

"NO I wan't him to come and appologise without me asking for it. It was his doing after all" I said.

"Yeah you're right, but you don't deserve to be treated like that" Arthur looked at me thru the phone.

"I know that, but it's just shitty to be alone in here thinking about Jules an how much I miss him" I sighed. I had finally stopped crying.

"Well I think Pierre would be more than happy to be there with you" Arthur said.

"He's still in Tokyo shooting with Alpha tauri since it's Yukis home race" I said sadly.

"Right" Arthur said thinking about other options. "Maybe Carlos would like to keep you company" he suggested and I agreed.

"But you should keep your ears open the whole weekend there might be some new drivers announced" I said and winked. Arthur didn't get the clue but that may be better for now. When we ended the call I decided to just aks if Carlos wanted to do something with me so I didn't have to be lonely. He fortunately agreed and We went to explore the city.

Max pov:

I knew now that I had been the problem and that I was too hard on Charles. After all he hadn't done anything wrong, but my team had. Charles had an amazing qualifying and I didn't even congratulate him I just screamed. I wanted to message him but decided not to. I wanted to give him some space even tho all I wanted was comfort from him. I wanted to see him smile and I wanted to give him kisses. I also wanted his comfort since my gp had been shitty. I had in mind that I would speak to him when I would see him in person at the track so he could run away if he wanted. I had totally forgot what happened in Suzuka almost ten years ago. So I failed to give him the comfort he needed.

---------------------------

I'm back with another chapter that I don't really know if I like it or not, but no one is perfect and my wring skills are definitely not so hopefully you enjoy this.

I have to share my oppinnions about the new cars! I love Ferraris Drs wing it looks so cool. Also the Black mercedes is looking fast but still manifesting Charles wdc!! Mclaren and Aston nothing new.

Charles pov:

Again the practices were all okay. I was too tired to think about them. But I was nervous for the qualifying. I almost wished that I wouldn't be in the top three since then I would have to probably face Max and that was something I definitely didn't want. He hadn't reachead out to me the whole weekend so every time I saw him in the paddock I just  went hiding from him. When the qualifying began and I ended up second behind Max I almost started to cry since I was just so tired of everything. Luckily Carlos was third so I didn't have to be alone with him, I had Carlos by my side the whole time. The only time I had to be standing next to Max was when we took the photos. After that I left as quickly as possible. When my mediamanager told me I had to go to the press conference where the top three qualifyers were always attending I almost started screaming to her face but luckily got my feelings under control.

In my oppinion the post qualifying conferences were pointless. The questions were always the same and I was tired of them especially now. I was deeply in my thoughts when Max slightly pushed my arm. I watched him confused untill I realised someone had asked me something.

"I am sorry can you repeat the question?" I asked trying to sound as polite as possible while faking a smile.

"Yes, so Charles how do you feel about the fact that about eight years ago you lost your Godfather here in Suzuka?" I watched the people who asked the question shooked look in my face. How could someone even ask me that.

"Well how do you think I feel about that? Do you actually think that I am not missing him every day? I don't even know how you have the audacity to ask me something like that since it should be obvious that I miss my dear godfather every day of my life and will continue to miss him" I said anger dripping from my voice.

"This is like you would ask me how do I feel about the fact that my own father died five years ago. How would you feel If you were in my position and I would be asking you these questions?" I asked almost screaming. I stood up and left the room. I couldn't take it any more so leaving was the best option. From outside I could hear Carlos and Max talking about how disrespectfull everyone was towards me and that they should be ashamed. I ran back to the Ferrari tears in my eyes. This last week had been shitty enough and now everyone was just reminding me of Jules who I missed more than I normaly would.

"Jules why can't you be here I need you" I whispered while curled up in my driver rooms corner. Some time later I heard a knock at my door.

"Max?" I asked almost hoping that he would be here to comfort me.

"No sorry it's Pierre" I heard Pierre speaking. "Can I come in?" He asked and I allowed him to come inside. He quickly walked towards me and took me in his arms.

"Oh Charles they were so shitty towards you I know" He rocked me while I was crying in his arms.

"Why it always has to be this shitty for me, Can't something ever go my way?" I cried.

"You have had a pretty shitty year I agree but everything will be fine" He assured me.

"I miss them so much" I sobbed.

"I miss them too" Pierre whispered.

"I have lost my dad, godfather and one of my best firends and now I don't even know if I have a boyfriend anymore" I didn't want to stop crying since I felt so bad now that I was thinking about all the things that had happened in my life.

"I can't lose you too" I said sniffing while I looked Pierre in thee eyes.

"You won't lose me I promisse you that" He smiled. "But think about the positive part about what happened in the press conference, you don't have to go all the other interviews" Pierre tried to cheer me up and it worked.

"Well at least something good" I joked. Pierre had to leave back to the media pen so I just dried my tears and left to the debrief. The whole time I just hoped that I could leave and I know Carlos felt the same way. It lasted way too long. We were both convinced that because Mattia would be leaving he wanted to make us suffer even more before he wouldn't have the power to do so anymore. When I got back to the hotel it was already so late that I just ate, took a shower and scrolled thru tiktok. I went to sleep and actually slept pretty well, wich was probably because I was exhausted and I hand't slept very well in a week.

Sunday morning, the weather was still looking good but about an hour before the race it started raining. I knew that the race would become very dangerous and hard so I just prayed that the rain would stop or the race would be moved for like an hour later so we could wait for the rain to stop. But no, what could you expect the fia doing in this situation. Absolutely nothing. So there I was sitting in my car waiting for the formation lap to begin. When it started and I was driving behind Max I couldn't see a thing. There was just too much water but the fia still did nothing.

"I can't see anything there is too much water" I complained to my engineer.

"Okay copy" He said. I was waiting in the starting grid "Ten seconds for lights out" I got the warning. I was so scared that something would happen. When the lights went out I got an amazing start and for few seconds I was ahead of Max but then he got in front of me and I cursed.

"safety car Charles" I heard almost immediately.

"What happened?" I asked, scared of what could have happened.

"Carlos and Albon out, both okay" He answered.

"Okay copy" I said. We had just driven two laps when I heard my engineer speaking to me again.

"Red flag, red flag. Come back to the pits" He said. I followed Max back to the pits and got out of the car since we wouldn't probably go back to racing in a while. When I walked back to the garage I saw a video of Pierre driving and him almost hitting a tractor. My eyes widend and I started to shake. I collapsed to the floor and Andrea was quickly besides me.

"Charles everything is okay" He tried to calm me but I couldn't move or speak. Tears were streaming down my face. Andrea lifted me up from the ground and took me to my room while shouting something in Italy. I couldn't consentrate to what he said since I was too scared and panicked.

"Charles Pierre is fine, he didn't hit the tractor" He spoke to me while holding me tight.

"yesterday he... he said to me that he wouldn't le-leave me and now he almost did" I managed to say out loud before tarting to cry even more. I think Andrea has never seen me like this. He just held me close but it didn't help.

Max's pov:

"Red flag red flag Max" I heard gp say so I came back to the pits and got out of the car. I was talking with gp when I saw Checo coming to my way with his phone in hand clearly wanting to show me something.

"You never guess what happened with Pierre" He said and showed me a video from twitter where he almost hit a tractor on the track.

"Fuck" I said my eyes wide. Gp was also looking at the video dumbfounded. at the same time some guy from Ferrari came running to us.

"Hey wrong garage" Brad said. He had now also joined us.

"Max this is important" He said and I recognised that he was Charles's race engineer.

"What?" I asked while he guided me towards Ferrari's garage. I could sense everyone from redbull looking at me.

"Charles has panic attack" he finally said and I stopped until I realised that I had to hurry.

"Where is he?" I asked while we jogged to the garage. Now all the Ferrari people were looking at me with nasty looks.

"In his room" He said and I rushed in. I saw the most heartbreaking sight in front of me. Charles was crying while Andrea tried to assure him that everything was fine. When Andrea noticed me he waved me to come closer so I kneeled infront of them. Andrea clearly didn't know what had happened between me and Charles but maybe it was a good thing. Charles hadn't seen me yet so I decided to wrap my arms around him. Andrea took his hand off and I put mine there instead. Charles looked up and started crying even more while wrapping his arms around my neck.

"Don't ever leave me againg" He sobbed.

"I won't" I said while giving him kisses on top of his head. After a while of him just crying there in silence he spoke to me.

"I hate when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. I hate when you're not around and the fact that you didn't call me. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you, not even close. Not even a little bit. I don't hate you at all" he said and burried his face to my neck

"Charles I am so sorry for what I did and I know that I was wrong and I had no right to direct my anger towards you. I love you" I said while stroking his hair. Charles didn't answere, he just continued crying, but now it was much less tears. Andrea and Xavier left when Charles fell asleep in my arms. Andrea promissed to come get us if the race would resume.

Charles had slept already half an hour when the door oppened and Pierre came to the room. He looked surprised when he saw me and I wasn't surprised, he was Charles's best friend after all so he probably knew everything.

"I am so sorry for what I caused because of my anger" I appologised.

"Yeah it was shitty but Charles really missed you and he was afraid that you don't actually love him" He said while coming to sit next to me on the ground.

"I promise to make this all up to him. And I would never not love him" I smiled and Pierre nodded.

"The race will start in half an hour so we need to wake him up" Pierre said and started stroking Charles face. When Charles openned his eyes and saw Pierre he quickly let go of me and launched himself towards Pierre.

"Petite chienne ! Tu ne peux plus jamais me faire ça, tu comprends? J'étais si inquiet et je ne te pardonnerai pas si tu meurs avant moi!"(You little bitch! You can't do this to me ever again do you understand? I was so worried and I wont forgive you if you die before me) Charles said sounding serious and hugging Pierre tightly.

"Je promets d'être plus prudent et de ne pas mourir avant toi"(I promise to be more careful and not die before you) Pierre said smiling.

"But Charles the race will continue in half an hour so we all need to get ready" Pierre said and Charles nodded. Before I could leave Charles kissed me.

"We will talk tonight on the flight back and then you can make this all up to me. Drive safely" He said and gave me another kiss before I left to redbull.

"I love you, be safe" I whispered to him.

-------------

Well I hope that this cured your depressions that came from this book :)

I finally wrote a long Chapter in one sitting and I'm on a vacation now so you getmaybemore chapters;)

Thank you for reading, commenting and voting<3

He had done it. Max had won the Championchip even tho everyone knew that it would come, it was still a huge achievement.

Max pov:

When I crossed the finish line first I was relieved and happy to have been able to win this race but I wasn't yet the Champion since we wouldn't get full points from this race and Charles was second. However when I got out of the car and Celebrated the win I saw Checo in second and Charles in third.'It's just a mistake and no full points today still'I thought. We were all interviewed and I heard that Charles got five second penalty so Checo was second. When it was my turn to be interviewed first I got the normal questions but then.

"Well Max you are now the wordlchampion how does it feel?" The presenter asked.

"Am I?" I asked confused. and he just nodded.

"Oh well it feels good and I am so thankfull the team has been amazing. At first there were some problems but we managed to overcome them and now we are her. A big thank you also to my family and loved ones who made this possible" I smiled. I saw Charles winking at me. He was literally the reason why I won this year (ferrari's shitty year and all that). After the interview I went to Celebrate with the team before going to the cooldown room. While I was walking there I still was thinking that I wasn't the Champion.

"So are you a champion?" Checo asked me.

"I think I'm not but I am not sure" I said.

"You are a Champion" Jenson button said when he walked to the room and gave me a hug.

"Are you sure?" I asked still a bit hesitant.

"I am" He chuckled.

"Well congrats then Champ" Charles said while hugging me.

"I am still not convinced but okay" I laughed. After we watched some race highlights and spoke about the championchip we made our way towards the podium. I was so happy that It apparently was now sealed that I was the Champion. The Champagne tasted extra good and Charles's eyes sparkled with happines. I knew he was disappointed because of his own season but he looked happy for me. I wanted this moment to last forever, but then Charles and Checo started soaking me up with the Champagne so it didn't felt so nice anymore. But nothing could bring me down after this.

Me and Charles were flying back to monaco this evening so after the interviews I went back to the garage for only a short time before saying goodbyes. Me and Charles had agreed to meet at the hotel lobby in two hours so I went to shower eat and pack my bags. I was happy but nervous as I had been the one causing Charles problems and sleeples nights, but I knew I would make it all up for him. Just before I was going to leave the room there was a knock at the door.

"Hey what are you doing here?" I asked.

"Well I wanted to kiss and hug you properly before we can't anymore" Charles smiled as he came inside. "I am just so proud of you, Je t'aime" He said while wrapping his arms around me.

"I love you too" I said while giving him a kiss. The kiss started deepening and Charles's hands were mooving under my hoodie.

"We have to leave Charlie" I broke the kiss.

"I would have wanted to see you down on your knees first, but yeah I want to go home too" He said. I blushed but recovered quickly and we left to the airport. While I was driving and Charles sitting in the passenger seat, Coldplay was playing on the radio. I started singing quietly and Charles turned to look at me.

"Have you been practicing the lyrics?" He asked grinning. Oh how I had missed that face and his voice. Luckily I had realised that I was the cause of our fight and Now I could make it up to him.

"Well I have to know the lyrics before the concert" I smiled.

"True" Charles smiled back and turned so he was now looking at the road while singing quietly with me along the music.

When we got to the airport it was already late in the evening and the flight would be overnight flight. I noticed how tired Charles was. Luckily we both had buissnes seats so we got to skip all the lines and after security and Bag drop we made our way to one of the launges. We got some food and went to wait for the boarding to start in a quiet area where there was almost no one except us.

"So Max why did you get so mad at me for literally doing nothing and then you just kicked me out of my hotel room?" Charles asked calmly and I sighed. I knew we had to speak now.

"I'm not completely sure but I guess the fact that my team fucked up in the qualifying and You managed to do a wonderful job got into me. Maybe I was so focussed on the fact that I could win the championchip already so that got me really angry. And I know I had no right to put my anger towards you. In fact I wanted you to come back and hold me close and tell me that it would all be okay and then you didn't come back untill very late that night and I had already gotten mad" I answered and when I stopped speaking I could now see why I got so mad. It was literally for nothing but I guess thats what happens when you are alone with your thoughts.

"I am sorry that it took me so long to come back from the track but I think Mattia is trying to hold me and Carlos hostage at the track as long as possible since he is leaving so he wants to torture us with way too long meetings" He chuckled wich made me smile, since I could see that he wasn't actually mad at me anymore.

"And I don't blame you for it, I know that this fight was my fault and I should have tried to speak with you sooner. I knew that It would be a hard weekend for you and still I didn't contact you. I wasn't there for you when you were thinking about Jules and I think I can't ever make that up for you but I will try because I can't be without you" I said tears in my eyes.

"Oh Maxy don't cry! You just won the wdc and there you are crying because you were a dick to me once. I get that sometimes you are angry and you take it out on someone else and I don't blame you for it. There will be a day when I do that for you and then all I want is for you to not give up on me. Yes you were not there when I cried because of Jules, but Pierre was and that's what friends are for. I don't want to be without you ever again so can we just agree not to talk about this anymore. I just want to be able to sleep next to you and wake up next to you. You are the best thing that has happened to me ever so I want to keep you close" Charles said while holding my hand.

"I want to kiss you so badly right now" I mumbled while watching Charles in front of me.

"Then kiss, there is nobody here" He said with a smug smile. I didn't hesitate before bringing our lips together.

"Hey there!" We broke apart so fast that Charles almost knocked his drink to the floor.

"Don't worry it's just me" Christian smiled. "I am just happy to see you together again" He said smiling before he walked away.

"Oh god I almost had a heart attack" Charles said holding his hand on top of his chest.

"Yeah me too. Do you think Christian is stalking us or he is just our biggest fan?" I laughed.

"He is definitely our biggest fan" Charles laughed.

"But can we promise that we keep racing on track and don't argue about racing things related to us outside of the track?" I asked.

"Yeah that could be a good promise" Charles smiled before raising his pinky. "Pinky promise?" He asked.

"Pinky promise" I chuckled before wrapping my pinky with his.

"But can we argue about others driving?" Charles asked.

"Yeah obviously. I would not be able to live if I couldn't blame about Russel George and others to you" I smiled and Charles laughed. After that we chatted and ate our foods before heading towards the gate.

"Wich seat do you have?" Charles asked me.

"4b" I said while looking at my ticket.

"I have 4c so we get to sit next to each other" Charles said smiling.

"Finally some good luck" I chuckled. We boarded the plane got some champagne and toasted for my Worldchampionchip and to Charles being a future Champion. After the plane took of we watched a movie while eating and then we went to sleep. Charles fell asleep immediately. I decided to hold his hand under the covers. After some time I fell asleep happily holding his hand.

----------------------------

It's TESTING WEEK!!! Finally I have been absolutely depressed because there has been no f1 but it's almost race time again!

I am a little bit sad that I am not going to watch any race in person but I hope thatYouare going and get the chance to enjoy f1 live! Last year I was at the singapore gp and it was amazing<3

Btw so sad that Lance will not be at the testing this year. I wish him a speedy recovery! (even tho he is not my favourite driver I don't wish anything bad for him)

Slight smut warning!

-----------------

Charles pov:

When we landed back to Nice my friend Joris came to pick us up. I hadn't told him about my relationship with Max or that I was gay. And to be honest I had asked him to pick me up because me and Max had been fighting still when I had to arrange someone to pick me up. Did I trust Joris enough to tell him about my current situation? Did I want him to know? I don't know. I knew that eventually I had to tell my friends about this since the whole f1 grid knew about this already but it wasn't our plan to tell them already so it was an accident.

"Who will pick us up?" Max asked interrupting my thoughts. We were standing at the baggage claim waiting for our bags. It was important to get them since Arthurs Birthday present was there and his birthday is tomorrow.

"Joris will" I sighed. I was worried about his reaction. We could always pretend to just be friends but I didn't want to lie to anyone. Still we had been together for only a small amount of time we didn't have to rush.

"I guess he doesn't know about us. Do you want to tell him?" Max asked.

"I don't know do you want to tell him?" I asked. I didn't know what to do so I tried to get Max to do the decicion.

"Well I don't mind if he knows. It's nothing that we have to hide since it's our life that isn't anybodys to judge. But we have to tell my sister this week since she is coming to visit me and I feel guilty about the fact that she doesn't know" Max said, he had been thinking a lot about his sister, who Max loved but she didn't know about Charles and Victoria was important person in Max's life and Max wanted to have someone he could gossip about Charles and his love life. Sure he had many friends, but these kind of talks he always did with his sister.

"Oh I completely forgot that Victoria doesn't know, I am so sorry! I have been so selfish because all of my family knows about us but only your mother knows" I felt now really guilty. How could I have forgotten that!

"It's okay we haven't even been together that long maybe a month" Max assured me. He knew that this whole gay thing was hard for me, after all I had had a girlfriend only about three months ago.

"It's been only a month!" My mouth fell open "It feels like we have been together forever already" I said shocked. Maybe I was so shocked since I loved Max more than I had ever loved anyone.

"I know, but maybe it's because we have known each other so long that it feels like we have been together for a lifetime" Max laughed. "But let's tell Joris, isn't he a good friend of yours?" Max asked.

"Yeah he is one of my best friends" I smiled. WE didn't have to hide our identitys from our firends, they would be supportive. Or if they wouldn't be Max would punch them in the face.

"Well then he deserves to know, but could we maybe tell some of my friends also?" Max asked while making puppy eyes.

"Ofcourse we can, but we need to be carefull that the media won't find out untill we are ready to share" I smiled. I wanted to give Max a kiss but we were in pupblic and there were a lot of people around us. When our bags finally came we made our way to the pick up area where I saw Joris almost immediately.

"Salut Charles tu m'as manqué"(Hi Charles I missed you) Joris said while giving me a tight hug.

"Tu m'as manqué aussi! Max va venir avec nous, c'est bon?"(Max will come with us, is that okay?) I asked.

"Yeah sure! Hi Max and congrats worldchamp" Joris said while shaking Max's hand.

"Thanks" Max smiled. We started walking towards the car that Joris was now driving.

"Nice car you have how did you get this?" Max asked while sitting in the backseat of actually my Alfa Romeo. Max Knew that Joris made content for Charles, but living in monaco wasn't cheap and These kind of cars costed a lot of money and don't even let him think about parking places.

"Well this is Charles' car and he is lovely enough to let me drive this while he is racing" Joris laughed.

"Really? I didn't know that you had two cars" Max said sounding surprised.

"Yeah well we have never really talked about our cars" I laughed.

"So are you like good friends now or am I missing something? I thought that you guys would be like enemys since the Inchident" Joris asked and I knew that now was the time to tell him about us. "Oh and where do I drop you Max?" He added.

"You can drive both of us to my house" I said. "Joris I need to tell you something" I said while fidgetting with my bracelets around my wrist.

"Well tell me then" Joris said looking curious.

"I-I am gay" I said trying to sound as fearless as possible but failing miserably.

"Oh" He said now turning to look at me.

"And me and Charles are together" Max decided to step in since he saw how paniced Charles looked.

"Oh I am so happy for you both, Charlotte was awful" Joris said now smiling brightly.

"Oh thank god I was so worried" I said while realising a breath I was holding.

"And I am so happy you told me" Joris was now smiling like crazy."It makes me feel good since I know that you can trust me with these things in your life" He said while patting me on the back "Do you live together?"

"No we have been together for a month" Max laughed.

"But we live in the same building" I added.

"I can't stop smiling this is so great! So tell me Max is Charles loud in the bedroom?" Joris asked without any shame in his voice. He also tried to do my famous wink but failing.

"You can't ask that!" I said laughing, but Max quickly interrupted me.

"He is really loud. In fact some of the drivers found out that way because yuki was in a room next to me in Monza I think and then he told some of the others" He said while smirking and Joris just laughed.

"You are the one to talk!" I said fakely offended. Max and Joris just laughed more.

"I like you Max already more than I have liked any of Charles previous partners, But make sure not to hurt him or I will cut your balls off" Joris said now bit more seriously.

"I will make sure to treat him right. He is after all the real prince of Monaco, or at least Lord Percival" Max said and winked.

"Omg I will never ever be in a same room with you too" I said now blushing heavily.

When we got to my appartment Joris said that he will return the car and the keys tomorrow before going to the gym in the morning, wich I happily agreed. It's not like we would need that Car today since I had my ferrari and Max also had his cars. It was already an afternoon since there was quite a big time difference between Monaco and Japan. Luckily we were both tired so we decided not to do any trainig today.

We were in my appartment and I had just started the washing machine for our clothes when Max sneaked behind me and whispered into my ear:

"Do you want to show me how loud you can be in the bedroom" while kissing down my neck.

"I don't know about that anymore since you told Joris about our sex life in the car" I smirked. I totally wanted to show him how loud I could be but I decided to make him beg for it.

"Yeah I know but that was only because he asked" Max smiled and turned me so I was now facing him. "Don't you want to see me on my knees" He smirked and I bit my lips.

"To be honest I want you inside of me but that could also work" I said now also smirking.

"Oh Lord Percival wants me inside of him" Max teased me.

"Nope not anymore, you ruined it!" I said and walked away. I could hear Max running so he could caught me.

"Please Charles, I haven't felt you properly in almost two weeks" Max begged.

"And whose fault is it?" I asked.

"Mine" Max whispered quietly. I saw that he was now sad so I decided not to tease him anymore. I didn't want to fight with him about this anymore. I just wanted it to be in the past so we could focuse on the future. I walked to him so I was now standing in front of him, looking slightly up. he was just few centimeters taller than me wich I liked very much about him.

"Well now is your chance to make it all up" I smirked before starting to walk towards the bedroom Max closely following. If I am completely honest I wanted him so much right now that it was almost impossible for me to not just launch myself into his arms and rip his shirt off. I missed seeing his trained chest and muscular back, wich was probably my second favourite body part of his;)

When I heard the bedroom door closing I quickly turned around and crashed Max's lips on to mine. We moved quickly towards the bed not letting go until I took Max's shirt of and he did the same for me. It didn't take long untill all the clothes were laying on the floor and I was laying on the bed Max on top of me. He was really showing me how sorry he was. Max openned my liges so they were now wide apart and he had a good acces everywhere. Max started opening me so that it wouldn't hurt that much, but at the same time he gave me kisses and whispered some none sense into my ear. I didn't consentrate since pleasure he was now giving me was more than I could have ever imagined.

When he slipped inside of me I couldn't help but moan so loudly that it surprised both of us. "Does this feel good?" Max smirked knowing damn well that it felt so good that I wasn't able to speak properly, so I just nodded. He started thrusting with a slow pace. Oh how I had missed his feeling inside of me. I missed seeing him like this, cheeks red and lips slightly swollen.

Max started increasing the pace and I gripped my hands in his back leaving probably big red marks there. I bit my lip since I felt so good right now. I couldn't hold back the loud moans. Max was now also moaning slightly.

"Oh maxy you feel so good" I moaned and with that I knew I couldn't hold it back anymore. "Max I'm gonna.." I couldn't finish the sentence and just moaned Max's name. I felt Max also finishing before he collapsed down. He was now laying on top of me.

"Omg Max I didn't remember how good that felt" I said still trying to caught my breath. Max didn't say anything for a while he just kept giving me kisses.

"I probably can't ever live without hearing you moaning my name" He said with a teasing smile.

"Well you have to wait till tomorrow to hear it again" I grinned.

"Why wait for tomorrow? We can have round two in the shower" Max smirked.

"I like the way you think Champ" I smiled gave him a kiss got up and started walking slowly towards the sower legs shaking a bit.

"I'd like to see you from back view more often" Max said getting up from the bed.

"Likewise" I smirked and turned the shower on ready for round two.

---------------

Yeah I have never written smut wich you obviously can tell but I tried!

Can't wait for the drive to survive season! The fake drama I can wait but I am ready face all my ferrari fan pain from last year again<3

Third person pov/ Max pov/ Charles pov idk anymore

Charles woke up from probably his best sleep in weeks. It was warm and sun was shining. Charles tried to turn but something or someone was keeping him in place. Then Charles remembered that it was Max laying next to him still sleeping peacefully. Smiling Charles decided to let him sleep simce he was probably exhausted, after all Max had just won the wdc and they had came back from Japan. Charles was still pissed because of Ferraris shitty strategys but there was nothing he could do about it anymore, so Charles decided to be happy for Max and go make him some breakfast. he sneaked away from Max's grip and walked to the kitchen only in boxers but since it was warm it was okay. Charles made some pancaces and avocado toasts. When I was ready Max was still sleeping so I wanted to surprise him and bring the breakfast in bed. I walked inside the bedroom I noticed that I had forgotten the coffee and went to go get that. Once I got Back Max was awake and smiling.

"What have I done to deserve this?" Max smiled.

"Well you are my favourite person so can't I treat you like one" I smirked while placing the coffees down on to the nightstand.

"And you are blessing my eyes with those pink boxers, must be my lucky day" Max smirked and gave me a wink. That made me blush, I hadn't noticed that My Boxers were indeed pink.

"Was that an insult or...?" I asked still red as ferrari.

"You look hot so definitely not an insult" Max smirked and patted the bed next to him. I smiled and went to sit next to him. Max gave me a kiss and we started eating the breakfast while enjoying the morning sun in the beautiful Monaco and the lazy morning we finally had.

"So what are the plans for today? And remember that Victoria and her family will come here tomorrow" Max asked me when we were done eating.

"Well we have lunch at my moms at two since it's Arthurs birthday, wich reminds me that we have to call him now. And yes I haven't forgotten that they will be here tomorrow" I said happily.

"Oh I forgot about Arthurs birthday already, I don't have a present for him!" Max said now clearly a bit panicked.

"But I bought him the sneakers so that is present from both of us and if you want to get something you could buy flowers for my mom" I suggested and Max agreed.

"I will call Arthur now so be quiet" I said when the phone started beeping. It didn't take long before Arthur answered.

"Hey Charles what's up?"

"Happy Birthday baby brother" I said excitedly. "I can't believe that you are 22 already! This makes me emotional" I pretended to wipe tear away, but really I had some tears in my eyes.

"Thank you Charles, are you coming to the lunch today?" Arthur asked.

"Well obviously I am, couldn't miss that and I need to give you your present" I said smiling.

"I don't know about you, but I'm feeling twenty-two" Max hummed and I couldn't help but start to laugh.

"Who was singing?" Arthur asked clearly really confused, I hadn't told about me and Max making things up yet so I could see why he was so confused.

"Hey Arthur Happy Birthday" Max said while grabing the phone away from my hands.

"Max! Omg I have missed you so much, Charles was miserable without you thank god you guys made up and congrats world champ. I am still a little bit sour about the fact that Charles didn't win but at least you won and not Hamilton" Arthur said now sounding extremely happy and Max chuckled.

"Well thanks Arthur and what can I say, I can't live without Charles and his time will come next year!" Max said now completely ignoring me while I was trying to get his atention.

"But You both should head to the gym now before it's too late and you will not have time before the lunch. And I hope that You remember our deal" Arthur winked.

"Arthur be quiet!" I hissed him and then finally turned my head so I could see Charles face who was looking at me with tears in his eyes.

"But yeah we will head to the gym now, see you in a bit, bye!" I said and hung up quickly so I could see what was wrong with Charles, who was now crying.

"Oh Charles what is wrong?" I asked and Wrapped my hands around him.

"Why is Arthur already so old, he was just ten" Charles sobbed and I couldn't help myself but laugh a little.

"Charles it's normal life, people grow up and I know that Arthur is really important to you but you need to realize that he is not a little boy anymore" I said while hugging Charles tightly.

"I know that but what if he never makes it to f1, then it's my fault" He cried now even more. I had never realised that this bothered Charles this much.

"But why would it be your fault?" I asked now confused.

"Well I haven't been there for him when he was little since I was always racing and he had to stop racing for few years since we didn't have enough money and then dad died and jules died"

"I didn't know that. I am so sorry" I said now feeling sad for both Charles and Arthur.

"Well luckily Lorenzo has been there for him, but still it makes me feel sad" Charles said while looking directly into my eyes.

"Well if it makes you feel better I can start giving him advice and train him a bit" I said. Charles luckily agreed. I had been worried about him reecently. He had been having panic attacs more than usually so I need to start trying to figure it out, what causes all of these reactions. After Charles had stopped crying we decided to head to the gym.

"So how are we going to do this? Wich of us will go first or what do we do?" Charles asked clearly sounding tired of this.

"How about we go there together, but we just work out seperately" I suggested. I was too tired and it was already so late in the season that I didn't care too much if people saw us together in the gym or in the city. "We don't have to pretend that we are not friends just because in real life we are dating. And do you think that when fans see me walking in town with my mates they are assuming that I am dating them. And I don't want to sound silly but if you didn't know me do I actually look like I am gay?" I said smirking and Charles laughed.

"Well you definitely are the most staight looking guy ever, and people know that I just broke up with Charlotte, so I assume that they wont think that I am gay just because I am hanging out with you" Charles said now also smiling and I wiped the tears away.

"So we just go there together but work out seperately?" I wanted to make sure that we were in a same page. Charles agreed and we drove to the gym with his pista ferrari, and I have to admit that It is probably my favourite car at the moment, even tho Ferrari is our enemy. But hey who doesn't love a good enemys to lovers story? And like Sebastian once said:'everybody is ferrari fan'We got to the gym and started working out seperately as planned. I couldn't help but steal a few glances at Charles since he looked so hot while doing some weights.

Our plan was working until it was time for neck training.

"Max I am sorry to ask but can you help me with the neck exercises?" Charles asked me looking a little embarassed.

"Yeah sure don't worry" I smiled and took the tool he gave me. After I was done helping him I decided to ask him to help me also since there was no point in doing my neck training alone. Charles agreed and after we were done with my neck both of us were done with the gym for today.

"Come on let's go, Last one in the car can decide who tops today" Charles whispered and then started running towards the car. For a moment I stood there still thinking about what he just said to me but then I sarted to run towards the car. Turns out that I knew a faster path to the car park so I won by only two seconds. Charles looked sad but when I told him that he would be the one on top he got significantly happier.

"Can I drive us back?" I asked hopefully but Charles declined immediately. He said that He loves me but he doesn't trust me with his car just yet. I just laughed.

When we got back to this time my place we had forty-five minutes till we had to leave to Arthurs Birthday lunch.

"So, do we have enough time for a quick shower together?" Charles asked while making puppy eyes. I knew what he was thinking but I knew that we would be late if I'd now give in for Charles.

"Charles we will be late" I said while smiling sadly, that made Charles' smile drop and he looked at me with a disapointed look.

"But..." I didn't give him time to say full sentence.

"Butt later, but now we will take quick normal shower together and then be on time for once" I gave Charles a kiss and guided him towards the bathroom.

It took me all my self control for not giving in to Charles, who "by accident" touched my you know what with his hand several times. But I wanted to be on time at Charles' moms place since I wanted them to have a good impression of me. I know that I had already met them a couple of times but I had been acting like a dick to Charles in the past weeks, so I wanted to be extra careful with his family.

"Okay do we have everything now?" I asked Charles when we had dressed up and were ready to go.

"I think so" Charles nodded.

"Do you have the present?" I asked knowing full well that Charles had forgotten that.

"No! Oh my thank god you remembered that" He said and rushed back to his apartment. While Charles was gone I went to the flower shop outside our house and bought a nice bouquet of flowers for Pascale.

When we finally made it to Charles' moms we were ten minutes late and I was nervous about that. Charles walked in front of me and openned the door.

"We're here!" He shouted before taking his shoes off.

"And you are almost on time, wow Max what have you done to Charles?" Lorenzo asked me while hugging both of us.

"He has done nothing, literally" Charles huffed and I started to laugh. I think Lorenzo got what Charles ment and he also started to laugh and patted me on the back.

"Well good job Max, I know that it's hard to say no to this little princes" That statement earned Lorenzo a punch from Charles.

"Well Where is the birthday boy?" Charles asked and then headed towards the livingroom while I made my way to the kitchen.

"Oh hi Max lovely to see you here" Pascale said and came to hug me.

"These are for you" I said and gave the flowers to her.

"Oh Max thank you, it's not my birthday but this is so sweet" She said and went to get a vase from one of the cabinets. "You can go to the livingroom, the food will still take a while" She said and pushed me out of the kitchen just in time for me to see Charles giving Arthur his present. Pascale stayed with me so she could see what Charles had bought. When arthur openned the box he let out a little squeal.

"Omg Charles thank you so much, I love them" He said excitedly and gave Charles a hug and then turned around to give me a wink.

"They are from me and Max both so you need to thank him too!" Charles smiled and Arthur thanked me too.

"Oh Charles you shouldn't spend so much money on our gifts" Pascale said smiling.

"Well I just want to get you all something that you really want and money isn't a problem for me so why not" He laughed.

"And that's why my presents are never Arthurs favourite" Lorenzo laughed.

"Well Charles your bithday is the day after tomorrow so don't wait for something expensive since you might know, I don't have that much money to spend on gifts" Arthur laughed and everyone else joined.

I didn't. I had totally forgotten that Charles' birthday would be in a couple of days and I had no present or anything that he would want on my mind.

I freaked out and went to the bathroom. I had to figure this out quickly, so I did the only thing that came into my mind and texted Daniel. He was known for good gifts and I needed to get something good for Charles.

Messages between Max and daniel:

Max: Daniel this is an emergency!!!

Max: Daniel joseph Ricciardo!

Max: Daniel Charles will kill me

Daniel: Well tell me then

Max: I totally forgot that Charles' birthday is in two days...

Daniel: Oh you're fucked<3

Max: You have to help me out!

Daniel: Well what do I get from this?

Max: I don't know what do you want?

Max: And just that you know I am in Charles' mothers bathroom now so be quick

Daniel: You don't have to be there

Daniel: Give me two hours and I will text you some options and then you will get me a meeting with Christian.

Max: Okay thank you dan<3

I sighed and walked out of the bathroom. I knew that I had to get the gift tomorrow but I didn't know when since Victoria and her family would be here at midday. My only option was probably to go shopping before picking them up from the airport.

"Great Max just in time for the food" Arthur said and we walked to the kitchen. Pascale had made some delicious food and we had great time. After eating we played some board games untill Charles whispered that he wanted my butt now, so we thanked Pascale for the good food and agreed that we would all come here with also my sister and her family on Charles' birthday. When we made it to my appartment clothes were quickly on the floor.

----------------------------

I don't know why but my last two parts have not done very well but that's life! But I love reading your comments they always make my day so thank you!<3

Also a little bit longer part this time. I have so much that I want to write but I just don't have enough time!

Drive to survive season five spoilers under this!!!!

Btw dts season five I didn't expect Günther and Mattia to be friends but I am loving it<3 But in my oppinion there is just way too much Christian Horner and I would have wanted to see the Brazil gp. Sebastian also deserved more time on the screen:( and they showed silvertone, cota and suzuka like ten times but didn't mention the tractor...

Max pov:

I had not been able to sleep since I was so stressed. How could I have forgotten Charles' birthday? I knew that if I didn't have a gift for Charles he would become so sad. He had bought me a great gift since I didn't need anything. Daniel had texted me and suggested that I would buy him tickets to coldplay consert, so that wasn't very helpfull. Daniel was right, because how could I be such a bad boyfriend. He couldn't come up with anything else so I decided to ask Victoria to help me.

"Max why are you awake?" Charles asked me. I hadn't realised that I was tossing and turning constantly.

"Just can't sleep" I whispered back.

"Turn around" Charles said and I obeyed. Charles wrapped his arms around me and gave a kiss to my head. I knew that I was also nervous about the fact that I would have to tell my sister the news that I was gay and had a boyfriend. Charles probably sensed it and started singging me french lullabies. It finally did the trick and I fell asleep.

When I woke up in the morning Charles was looking at me while playing with my hair.

"Have you been stalking me for long?" I joked. I could see how Charles' smile grew.

"No just few minutes" He said before giving me a few kisses.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Almost eleven. You were definitely sleepy today" Charles smiled.

"Charles Victorias flight will be here a little bit before twelve" I said "I will be late!" I was now panicking. I wanted to go buy the present for Charles before I would pick them up from the airport, but clearly I couldn't do that anymore.

"Max you drive half an hour to the airport you don't have to worry. You have plenty of time left" Charles tried to reassure me. At this point I knew that I couldn't go buy Charles his present untill later today so I decided to calm down so I wouldn't act too suspicious.

"Yeah but when I'm gone can you tidy up here a little and change the sheets?" I asked. This place looked like a mess with our clothes all over the floors and just over all messy.

"Ofcourse I can. But now lets go eat before you have to go" Charles said and walked into my closet to get something to wear.

When I finally was driving towards the airport I had time to think what I could get Charles and I think that I now had the best idea possible that I could come up with such a short notice. I would get him a shirt that said'biggest fan of Max Verstappen'and then with it the real present would be a new bracelet. I knew that Charles wore many bracelets so I decided to buy him a new one and I would have maching one. In my oppinion that was a pretty good idea.

When I made it to the airport I felt calm. I was excited to see My sister and my nephews. The season had been long and I always missed my family when I was traveling. In that case having Charles there with me while traveling and racing was a big plus. Someone interrupted my thoughts in the arrivals hall.

"Max, Max!" I heard someone scream and I immediately recognized the voice. It was Luka who was running towards me. I squatted to the ground so I could hug him. Luka wrapped his tiny arms around me and I lifted him up. Victoria, Tom and Leo came after him and I hugged everyone.

"It's so good to see you again! How was the flight?" I asked smiling.

"Well it's never easy with toddlers but it was fine" Victoria said looking tired. I helped them with the bags and we left towards the car. Now I was nervous. I knew that I needed to tell them about Charles before going to my place.

"So Max you seem quiet, is there something on your mind?" Victoria asked. I had always tought that she could read my mind. I took a deep breath and decided to just go for it.

"I have a boyfriend" That was maybe a little bit too staright forward approach. I could see how Victoria started smiling and let out a little scream in the backseat.

"Omg finally" She said and Tom patted my back.

"Can we meet him?" Tom asked smiling.

"Yeah he is waiting at my appartment so I wanted to tell you this before going there" I smiled happy about the fact that they seemed to be genuinely happy for me.

"So what is his name?" Victoria asked clearly very curious.

"You will find out" I smiled. "But I need all of your help with one thing. I forgot that his birthday is tomorrow and I have to go get his present in some part of the day and when I'm gone you need to make him busy with something" I said now a little bit ashamed.

"Sure we can help. I have been there and done that" Tom laughed. The rest of the trip went smoothly. We talked about our lives recently and what we were going to do today and tomorrow. We had agreed that they would stay in my place while me and my mystery boyfriend would be sleeping in his appartment since it was in the same building.

When we came back to my appartment I was nervous for them to meet Charles. They knew how hard it was to be a driver, but a gay driver dating another driver was next level crazy. Or it woud be. I stepped inside, but I didn't see Charles anywhere.

"Where is your mystery man?" Victoria asked me clearly eager to see him.

"I don't know, he was here when I left" I said and started walking around the appartment. I could see that he had been cleaning, but I couldn't find him untill I heard a sound from our bedroom.

"Max I need help!" I heard Charles shouting and I ran to the bedroom with Victoria, Tom, Luka and Lio following closely behind.

When I came in to the room I couldn't help but burst out laughing. Charles had somehow managed to get stuck inside the sheets. When the others made it to the room they started laughing as well.

"Max this is not funny help me please!" Charles said sounding tired and a bit angry. Still laughing I pulled the sheets off of Charles and heard Victoria gasping.

"Omg Charles is the mystery man!" She exclaimed excitedly and ran tu hug Charles.

"Yeah I am sorry for this stange introduction but yeah I am Charles, Max's boyfriend" Charles said looking embarassed. Suddently Luka ran towards Charles and lifted his hands up. Charles looked confused.

"He wants you to lift him" Tom said smiling. When Charles lifted Luka into his arms Luka gasped as well and pointed his face.

"Pap, het is Charles leclerc"(Dad it's Charles leclerc) he said looking excited.

"Ja dat is zo. Zeg hallo tegen Charles"(Yes it is. Say hello to Charles) Tom smiled.

"Hallo Charles. Jij bent de beste chauffeur"(Hello Charles! You are the best driver) Luka said excitedly.

"Well Hallo Luka. And Is that so. I am so sorry that I don't speak dutch but I am sure that someone can translate" Charles said smiling clearly proud that Luka thought that he was the best driver. I translated what Charles had said to Luka and he just nodded and didn't want to let go of Charles. After chatting little bit and giving everyone time to change clothes or take a shower I decided that I needed to get my plan going.

"Are you guys hungry, should we get something to eat?" I asked. I had this idea in my head that if we went to get something to eat Charles couldn't come with us since it would be weird for others to see him with me and my sisters family. This idea had came to my mind after seeing how Luka and Lio were so attached to Charles.

"Yes I am so hungry" Victoria said clearly understanding my plan. "But I think it would be good for Luka and Lio to get a nap now since they have been awake for so long and will become grumpy if they can't sleep now" Tom added.

"I can stay with them here and you can go get some food" Charles said smiling while he was lifting Lio high up in the air. I smirked knowing that now my plan would succseed.

"Oh that would be so nice thank you Charles! I will put them to sleep and Tom can tell you some basic things what to do if something happens" Victoria said and grabed Luka and Lio with her and went towards the guest room where I had beds for the boys.

When Luka and Lio had fallen asleep and Victoria and Tom were at the entrance putting shoes on, I went to speak to Charles.

"Are you sure you can be alone with them?" I asked. If I'm honest I was a little bit scared how Charles would manage Luka and Lio since they could be a bit extra sometimes. I didn't even know if Charles had any experience with kids and the biggest problem was that Charles didn't speak any dutch and they didn't speak any Italy, French or English.

"Yeah I will be fine but please don't be gone for longer than two hours since I don't want to change diapers" Charles said whispering so Victoria and Tom wouldn't hear him. I laughed and kissed him a goodbye. I forgot to ask Charles what he wanted to eat but I texted him and Charles answered instantly that anything would be fine.

"So what are we going to get for Charles?" Victoria asked while we were walking around the beautiful Monaco.

"I was thinking about a matching bracelet so we could both have the same one" I said.

"That's great idea! Do you have something else?" Tom asked.

"Yes I do but I won't tell you what it is" I laughed, they would probably think that I had bought him something spicy but I didn't want them to know about the shirt. I had one with Charles' number on the back so I wanted him to have one but with my name.

We got inside a small shop and I had already one particular bracelet in mind that I had seen in their website. It was a Cartier one and now I just hoped that they would have them.

"Bonjour! How may I help you" a nice looking old lady came to us.

"Bonjour! Do you happen to have two of the Cartier Trinity bracelet?" I asked now nervous. I noticed that Tom and Victoria were watching some other jewlery on the other side of the shop.

"Oui! We have two of them, would you like to see them and try them on?" She asked and I nodded. She guided me towards one of the rooms and I made sure that Tom and Victoria followed me since I wanted their oppinions.

The nice lady showed me the bracelets and I tried the other one.

"What do you think?" I asked.

"I think that it would be a great adition to her other bracelets" Victoria said. I noticed how she said her and not him. She probably wanted to keep our seacret and I appreciated it very much.

"Can you carve anything on them?" Tom asked but the lady said that the gold parts were too fragile for that. I still decided to buy them. I knew that it was quite an expensive gift but I loved Charles and I was ready to spend money on him. And I would get a big bonus because of the wdc so at the end it was nothing.

When we exited the door with the cartier bag I realised that I had to hide it from Charles. Luckily Victoria had a big handbag so I could put the bag there.

"So what are we going to eat?" Tom asked. "I am now actually quite hungry and I bet that the boys will be too when they wake up".

"How about some Mcdonalds?" I asked. "I haven't eaten that in almost a year" I really craved that now.

"Yeah we don't mind and the boys definitely wont mind, but what about your diets?" Victoria laughed.

"Well there are only four races to go in this season and I certainly don't care about my diet at this poin of the season" I shrugged my shoulders.

"Well what about Charles?" Tom laughed.

"I think he will be so excited and forget about his diet and then shrug it of and say that he will run three extra kilometers tomorrow" I smirked. And with that we decided to get mcdonalds. A couple of fans saw us on our way there and I definitely didn't want my trainer to find out about me eating mcdonalds. I almost wanted to get Charles a happy meal but decided against it since he could be a big child sometimes.

When we got the food we made our way back into my appartment. I made myself ready for what could be a disaster or chaos. But when I openned the door I could only hear something coming from the tv. When we got to the living room I saw something I wasn't ready for.

Charles was there laying on the sofa with Lio on his lap and Luka next to him leaning his head to Charles side and Charles had his other hand around him. They all were happily looking at dutch coco melon. I quickly took a picture before going to the kitchen and placing the food on the table.

"Kom naar de keuken, ik heb eten!"(come to the kitchen, I have food) I shouted and could immediately hear them running towards the kitchen.

"Oh my Mcdonalds!" Charles said excitedly. "I haven't eaten this in so long thank you Max" Charles said and gave me a kiss.

"Eww Max" Luka said before starting to eat. We just chuckled before starting to eat as well. And like I predicted after eating Charles realised that this was very much against his diet and promissed to run few extra kilometers tomorrow. The rest of the day was spent talking, walking outside and watching a movie in the evening. When it was time to go to sleep me and Charles said good night to everyone and left to Charles' appartment. We promissed to speak about details of tomorrow in the morning.

I hid Charles' gift inside his closet before going to the kitchen where he was making tea for us. We made our way to the balcony and sat there curled up in each others arms.

"So how was your day?" I asked.

"It was great! Luka and Lio are so adorable and they think that I am a better driver than you" Charles said smiling.

"And I feel betrayed because of that" I laughed.

"Oh do you want me to comfort you" Charles said on a low voice and he wiggled his butt closer to my crotch.

"I always do" I smirked. "We could also use this as your preworkout so you don't have to run the extra kilometers tomorrow" suggested. Charles quckly got up and we made our way to the bedroom and have to say I loved being comforted by Charles.

----------------------------

A long chapter again! I have to say that i'm proud of myself. I was having doubts while writing this but it turned out okay. Thank you for voting and reading and commenting<3

Charles pov:

I smelled something good. My eyes were fully closed and I didn't want to open them. Happy feeling filled me. It was warm and it was my birthday. I could feel the sunshine touching my foot that was outside of the blanket. The smell was getting stronger and I swore that I could smell croissants and coffee. I didn't have a chance to guess what the smell was because I felt someone kissing my back before wrapping arms around me.

"Happy birthday Charlie" I heard Max whispering. I slowly rolled around so I could see him. A smile instantly grew on my face when I saw the so familiar smile of Max. He was watching me from the above and I have to say that I liked him on top of me.

"Thank you Max!" I said now grinning since I was getting excited.

"Unfortunately the breakfast is now warm so I suggest that we eat first and have fun after" Max chuckled. He clearly got it that I wanted him so badly right now.

"Finee" I sighed and looked at the beautiful breakfast he had made me. "Should we eat outside it looks warm and nice" I suggested and Max agreed. I quickly pulled on some pants before helping Max to carry the food outside.

When I stepped into my balcony I felt warm moning breeze and I could feel that it was at least 25 degrees. It made me even more happy. We settled ourselves and then started eating. The food was amazing and I was just over the moon happy. It felt like all of my problems were gone and I was in this world with only Max with me.

"Thank you Max I love you" I said and hugged him. Max seemed calm and happy while we just sat there together me in his arms. It felt like no one could hurt us. I didn't even remember when I had been this happy. Then I remembered that I had actually arranged a surprise for Max later today and it made me feel even more happy.

After few minutes just being there in silence Max spoke up.

"Are we going to sit here for long or have you already forgot what you wanted earlier". I smirked, obviously I hadn't forgotten what I wanted but I was just so happy in this moment so I wanted to enjoy it for a little longer. Instead of answering I decided to just go for it and chrashed my lips onto Max'. He responded right away with a hungry kisses. Max lifted me up and carried me through the house and to my bedroom. Max trew me on to the bed and it made him look even hotter. He quickly took his shirt off and leaned on top of me. He clearly wanted to be in controll and I didn't mind that at all.

'I don't need try to control you. look into my eyes, and I'll own you with them the moves like Jagger. you wanna know how to make me smile. Take control, own me just for the night and if I share my secret, you're gonna have to keep it. Nobody else can see this'

It was probably the best sex I had ever had. I felt like I was on cloud nine. Suddenly Max left the bed and I looked after him confused but he came back quickly with small and medium sized gifts. My eyes lit up. I loved getting gifts and It was probably my other love language after physical touch.

"You have to open your gifts before we go to my appartment" Max smiled and handed me the larger first. I ripped the paper off quckly and saw a shirt. I lifted it up and started laughing. in the back of the shirt was written'biggest fan of Max Verstappen'. I had given Max a ferrari one where there was my number on the back of it so now we had matching ones.

"Omg I love this! Can we wear our shirts to dinner tonight?" I asked with puppy eyes wich I knew Max couldn't resist.

"Yeah sure" He laughed and then handed me the smaller present. Now I was a little bit more excited since small gifts were usually the best ones. I noticed that It was a cartier box and for a second I felt that all the air escaped my lungs but then I realised that it was too big to be a ring box. It was releaving because I wan't ready to be proposed yet. But when I openned the box I saw two beautiful bracelets. I picked the other one up and examinated it with my eyes.

"I love it thank you Max I love you" I kissed Max.

"The other one is for me so we can match" He said while lifting the other bracelet up. I was too stunned to speak. Max had gotten me a perfect present that I was more than grateful for. I wrapped him into a tight hug and we fell back to the bed.

"I love you so much that you don't even know" I mumbled into his neck.

"And I love you equally as much" Max said keeping me close to his chest. "I think we should take a quick shower before going upstairs" Max said and I agreed. But when we were at the shower toghether it turned out to be a much longer one that we had planned, but could you blame us?

When we finally made it to Max' apartment Luka and Lio came running to the door!

"Gefeliciteerd Charles!" Luka said smiling. Lio couldn't talk properly yet but he clapped his hands together looking excited.

"Thank you" I said smiling. Victoria and Tom were in the livingroom sitting in the sofa.

"Did you sleep okay?" Max asked.

"Yeah you have great bed so comfy" Victoria said smiling and I just laughed.

"But you were supposed to be here almost an hour ago and I think I don't want to know what you were doing" Victoria laughed and our faces were red in matter of seconds. Tom and Victoria just laughed. We had decided to spend the day exploring Monaco and at five we would go to my moms house to eat.

The day was great we had fun time together and I got to push the strollers which I absolutely loved. Not many people recognised us since I knew all the best places to go where no one was going to bother us. I really liked Victoria and Tom not to mention Luka and Lio. They had stolen my heart right away and I wished I could have nephews like this. But that wasn't probably going to happen in any time soon.

Before we left to my moms me and Max changed the fan shirts on and the laughs from Victoria and Tom were not going to stop in a while. We just smiled at each other. The ride to my moms was interesting. we had to go with two cars, Me and Max were driving with Luka and Lio since we knew the streets of monaco better than Victoria and Tom who had a little quality time just the two of them.

I was driving and Max was sitting in the backseat with the boys. I didn't understand anything they were talking but it made me happy to not hear any crying untill twenty minutes into the ride. Lio had started crying apparently because he wanted to see mommy and Luka started crying because Lio was crying. Max looked so confused. He clearly didn't know what to do so he did the first thing that came to mind and started making funny noises wich almost made me drive off the road since I was laughing so hard. It helped and the boys started laughing as well.

When we got to my moms Tom and Victoria were not following us anymore.

"Where are they?" I asked while taking Lio out of his car seat.

"I don't know, maybe they took a longer route to have more time without the boys" Max shrugged. We walked inside with Luka and Lio in our hands. My mom rushed towards us immediately.

"Joyeux anniversaire mon petit bébé"(Happy birthday my little baby)She said and squeezed me tightly.

"Merci mama" I said smiling and placed Lio to the ground so he could go exploaring. Victoria and Tom made it about twenty minutes after us. Now everyone was in the livingroom catching up. It felt so nice to be surrounded by the people that I loved. I had gotten a present from my mom wich was a new sweater she had made it by herself and I loved it. Then from Arthur I got a present that when I openned it I quickly closed it and turned bright red. Everyone wanted to see what it was but I didn't let them see the condoms, candles and pink handcuffs. After everyone gave up on trying to see Arthurs present for me I openned Lorenzo's present wich was a gift card to a spa for two. After that everyone went back talking to each other and I had a chance to show Max what I got and he also turned bright red.

I was checking the clock anxiously untill the doorbell rang and I started smiling. I knew that my surprise for Max would be here. I made my way to the entry and openned the door and greeted the person who came inside with a hug.

"Thank you for coming here, he has missed you so much" I said smiling. I guided the person to the livingroom where everyone else were sitting and chatting. Max hadn't clearly noticed that I was gone for a moment since he was happily speaking with Tom and Lorenzo. But when the guest placed a hand to his shoulder Max turned around and ghasped. Max jumped up from the sofa and made his way quickly to the guest.

Max didn't say anything he just wrapped his arms around her and didn't let go. I could see that there were tears in his eyes.

"Ik heb je zo gemist"(I missed you so much)I heard him whispering.

"Ik heb jou ook gemist"(I missed you too)Sophie said still squeezing Max tightly in his arms.

"How did you know to come here?" Max asked now backing away a bit but not still letting go.

"Someone called me and told that you were missing me and arranged me a visit here" Sophie smiled.

"Who?" Max asked clearly confused.

"Well who do you think" Sophie laughed now clearly amused.

"Omg Charles you did this" Max finally got the hint and turned towards me. I was standing near just smiling about how happy I had just made Max. Now Max came to me and wrapped me in a tight hug.

"I love you so much, Thank you!" Max cried. I wiped the tears from his eyes and gave Max a kiss. I could hear everyone saying 'awww', well almost everyone. Luka and Lio were watching us clearly not understanding what was going on.

"Mama, waarom huilen ze" (mom, why are they crying) Luka asked and Max started to laugh.

"Oom Max is gewoon zo blij en verliefd" (Uncle Max is just so happy and in love) Max laughed.

"Oké" Luka said, turned around and kept playing with Lio.

"This day was supposed to be about you not me" Max laughed and gave me one last kiss.

"Well to see you so happy is the best present that I could get" I smiled now few tears were in my eyes too but I wiped them awayy quickly.

"Okay now is time to eat" Pacale announced and everyone made their way in to the kitchen where Pascale had made a fantastic looking dinner.

We had a great evening, Sophie and my mom got along very well and seemed to have a lot of fun. It was kinda ironic how both of our dads were not there mine for an obvious reason, but Jos not so much. Max had told me that Jos was homophobic so he didn't want to tell him about us yet and I totally respected the choice since I was a little affraid of him.

"So Max what did you give Charles?" Sophie asked sounding courious. I was kinda surprised that she didn't know because Max usually told her everything. Max took my hand and showed my wrist.

"We have matching ones" He said smiling. "And the shirt also" He said and we all laughed.

"So now that we got into the questions do you want to tell us how many times you have sex in a week since you are always late from everything" Arthur asked without any shame.

"No" I said simply and continued eating.

"You're really boring" Arthur said fakely offended and I just laughed.

When it was around ten in the evening we decided to leave back since Luka and Lio were fast asleep and we were all tired. Max's mom would be sleeping in my appartment because Max didn't have any more spare beds. And when we finally made it back home I just told Sophie where everything was and then I collapsed on the bed with my clothes still on.

"Charles you can't sleep with your clothes on" Max laughed at me.

"I'm too tired to change so I think I'm fine" I mumbled half asleep already. Then I felt Max' hands slowly and carefully undressing me but not in a sexy way. When I had only boxers left Max lifted me up and placed me carefully on the bed again and then pulled the covers on top. I instantly snuggled to a comfortable position and just waited for Max to join me. When he did I moved closer to him.

"Je t'aime bébé" I mumbled before falling asleep.

Max pov:

I couldn't sleep I don't really know why, but the one thing I knew was that I could never let Charles go. Today taught me that he was the most important person in my life. Right now he was peacefully sleeping mouth slightly open. He looked so perfect for me. My hand was wrapped around his waist and I couldn't help but start to hum one song that always reminded me of Charles.

"I like your curls, and I like your eyes. I look up at you and just see the sky... My heaven at night, In the black and white, you paint the world. And I ask if colors knew, It's 'cause of you, now love is true Because of you" I was now singing quietly. I didn't notice that Charles had now woke up. I just kept humming until I heard a small voice.

"I like your heart, and I like its size, If two hands are open, would one intertwine? Please, be mine" Charles sang quietly, before drifting off to sleep again. Now I could hear him snooring quietly and I knew that I needed to sleep now. But at that moment it became clear to me that I would marry him one day.

------------------

I love this chapter, so cute:) thank you for 14k reads<3

Max pov:

After a great few days in Monaco with my family and Charles it was time to get back to racing. It would be the last four races of the season and Charles was still fighting for the second place in drivers championchip. I had no pressure anymore since I was already a champ. But I knew that Charles was under so much pressure and the fact that Mercedes was closing the gap in the constructors cahmpionchip didn't help him at all. But In redbull we had a chance to claim also the constructors championchip in the next race so that was my main goal. at the moment we were waiting for boarding to start. It wasn't worth it flying private to Cota since I wouldn't come back home until after Abu dhabi or so Charles thought. We were sitting in the lounge of London airport. It was late at night and we had already flown from Nice to London. Charles was exhausted, he had been stressed about the last races and I couldn't blame him. He had had a rough season and I wanted him to succseed badly.

As I looked at the board and saw text 'go to gate' I stood up from my chair and walked towards Charles who was sleeping with his mouth open.

"Charles we have to go, the boarding is starting. After that you can go back to sleep" I whispered him, while gently shaking him. Charles slowly openned his eyes and groaned.

"I'm too tired to move" He whinned. I chuckled before pulling him up.

"If we wouldn't be in public I could carry you but right now I can't do that" I said smiling sadly.  Charles finally agreed and we left towards our gate. It turned out we didn't have seats next to us and since tired Charles was usually also angry he made a big fuss about wanting to sit next to me. The flightattendant clearly recognised us and agreed moving our seats so We could be next to each other. We were the first ones to board the plane and immediately when we sat down Charles passed out. I knew that he would wake up when we would take off and then we could ask someone to make his seat into a bed. It melted my heart seeing him just sleeping there.

fast forward to saturday:

It was certain that Charles would be getting a grid penalty againg because something needed to be changed in his car. It made me sad because then it would be harder for him to score good points and be infront of Checo, but I also knew that Charles was an amazing driver so I didn't worry too much.

Since we were in Texas almost everybody had wore some sort of cowboy things and when I saw Charles in the paddock with a hat and boots I couldt resist but want him so badly then. I had sent him a message saying that he better take them with him to the hotel. Charles had answered almost immediately with a winky face. And as I had wished, when he came to the room in the evening he was wearing them. It didn't take me long before they were in the ground and Charles was in the bed. But back to reality.

The qualifying was normal until Q3, where I struggled to make the fastest lap and I ended up in p3 unfortunately. I had wanted to take pole so badly today since we had heard the devestating news of Dietrich Mateschitz the founder of redbull passing. It was sad because he had been a big part of my career. But I couldn't do anything else than hope for a win tomorrow. When I pulled my car where the three best ones would go I noticed two Ferraris and I smiled under my helmet since I knew that other one of them would be Charles. I never doubted him in qualifying. It felt so good to have Charles there with me. I hand't had the chance to see him after morning. I felt a little sad at the moment so I knew that his cuddles were needed in the evening at the hotel.

Charles pov:

The qualifying was good. I managed to get second after Carlos, but due to my engine penalty I would start 12th wich was unfortunate since my now main rival Checo would be staring third wich ment that I needed to have an amazing race if I wanted to be in front of him tomorrow.

Max had been more quiet than normal and I wondered what could be the cause of this. I knew that Jos would be here this weekend and I wondered if Max was ready to tell him about us. I knew that if he was I couldn't go against that. My thoughts had to go to the side since it was time for our meeting before I could leave the track. Firstly we discussed about tomorrows strategys and how we wanted to race but then the next thing got me worried.

"So Carlos as you may already know the founder of redbull organisation has died so tomorrow when we are going to hear the national anthem of USA all of the former and current redbull and academy drivers will be there standing at the front so you will also be there" Someone from our team said and Carlos nodded. I felt my heart sinking. This must be the cause of Max feeling under the weather and I had not done anything to help him with this. I knew that when I would eventually get to the hotel he would probably not be there before me and I needed to do something that would make him feel better.

"Charles are you listening?" Mattia asked me.

"Yes I am" I said, I definitely was not listening.

"Good so can you tell me why you havn't been sleeping in your own hotel room?" Mattia asked me. He looked mad. My eyes widened. This was definitely something I didn't expect. I tried to calm down. In this room the only person that knew about me and Max was Carlos and I didn't want to tell everyone about us without Max having the heads up first.

"How do you know that?" I asked calmly.

"I was outside your door this morning and you were not there" Mattia said.

"I was at the gym" I said trying to lie as naturally as possible.

"Funny, because someone saw you exiting the room of Max Verstappen in the morning together with him" Mattia said now smiling. I knew that I was in trouble, but I still lied.

"I was just chatting with him there" I said smiling innocently.

"And what is that red mark in your neck? Were you chatting about how someone has clearly given you a hickey" Mattia said now not smiling anymore. I din't know what to say anymore and Carlos noticed that.

"How is this at all your buissnes?" Carlos asked raising his eyebrows. "You are leaving after this season anyways so what do you want from us?" he continued.

"If you are sleeping with the enemy I need to know. What would happen if the media found out that you Charles are sleeping around with the enemy and maybe this is why we are not winning right now" Mattia said coldly. I couldn't stand this anymoree.

"Enough" I shouted and stood up while slamming my fists into the table I noticed how few of the engineers flinced. "You have no right to speak like this to me or to Carlos. I will not sit here listening while you are blaming us for your mistakes. So if you want to have a driver here tomorrow you all" I looked around the table" will now shut your mouth about this" I said tightly and after a few seconds of silence I left the room and slammed the door behind me. I was furious. How could Mattia do this to me. I wanted to cry but I knew that at this moment Max was more important so I gathered myself and walked towards my car so I would have time to stop in a grocery store before going back to the hotel.

Back in the meetingroom:

Carlos sat there with angry look on his face. He didn't expect Mattia to be such a homophobic and Now he knew that he couldn't tell about his relationship with Lando to the team until the team principal had changed.

"He is unbelievable! What would Christian say if I told him?" Mattia asked in general.

"You should tell him" Carlos said smiling. He knew that Christian knew already and was more than fine with it so if Mattia would tell him and be mad about it Christian would give him a few angry words.

"You're right Carlos I should" Mattia said now smiling. "Good thing that at least one driver here is capable of thinking in the right way" He said smiling. Mattia decided that he would talk about this tomorrow with Christian. Carlos however knew that he had to protect Charles.

"But I think that it would be better that this would stay in this room. It's best for the team and I think we don't want to lose Charles as a driver" Carlos said seriously. Luckily everyone agreed and Carlos could tell Charles that his seacret was safe.

Max pov:

It had been a long day and I was tired. I just wanted to get to the hotel and be in Charles' arms. The meeting tonight had been long and tiring. While I was driving towards our hotel I heard some coldplay in the radio. The scientist. It was a sad song and I started crying slightly. Luckily I was just around the corner from the hotel. The ride in the elevator felt like it took hours. There was three other people there with me and luckily I had stopped crying. I openned the hotelroom door and saw how Charles immediately jumped up from the bed and rushed towards me. He had a worried look on his face and just because the look on his face I started crying again.

"It's okay Max you can cry as long as you need" Charles said while holding me in his arms just how I had wanted.

"I am just so tired" I cried. I knew that I sounded like a child but I couldn't do anything to it. Charles just rubbed my back. After a while just standing there Charles asked if I wanted to take a bath and I agreed. I knew that I wasn't in a mood for sex and I guess Charles knew that also, because when we were in the bathtub Charles didn't try anything and just held me close untill I fell asleep. I didn't know how long we had been in the bathtub but suddenly I woke up because I felt something trying to move.

"I'm so sorry but we have been here almost an hour and my leg is cramping" Charles said face red and looking sorry.

"It's okay" I laughed and slowly stood up and moved under the shower. When we were laying in bed watching a movie Charles suddenly stood up and went to the mini fridge that was in our room.

"I bought some chips and ice cream, do you want some?" He asked smiling.

"Yeah that's perfect thank you" I said smiling. Charles knew just what I wanted when I was sad. This is again a reason why I love him. He knows me.

It was now the morning of a race day in the paddock and Mattia had noticed Christian walking a little bit in front of him so he took a few faster steps.

"Christian! Do you have a moment to speak with me?" Mattia asked when he had caught up with the redbull boss.

"yeah I have a few minutes come with me" Christian said and led Mattia into his office in the redbull facilitys. Mattia was looking around couriously, Christian noticed that.

"You won't find anyhting usefull in here if you are looking for something like that" He said smiling. They sat down in Christians office.

"So what did you want to talk about with me?" Christian saked while he was leaning backwards in his chair.

"Did you know that Charles and Max have a relationship?" Mattia asked going straight to the point. Christian raised his eyebrows. He thought that Mattia would know that he knew but maybe there was something else going on there. Christian decided that he wanted to find out what and decided to lie

"No I in fact didn't know that" He said pretending to be slightly shoked. "What do you think about that?" He asked.

"I think that we have to seperate them, they can share teams seacret information to each other and being gay doesn't belong in this sport" Mattia said calmly. Now Christian knew why Mattia didn't know about this earlier, it was because Charles sensed that he would be homophobic.

"Well I think that it's none of our buissnes if our drivers want to have a relationship" Chrisian said smiling and trying to hide the disgust he now had because of how old fashioned Mattia was.

"Don't you think it's wrong If our drivers start making out in podium or they will be spotted in dates or you caught them in Max's drivers room?" Mattia asked now confused.

"No, I think that It's their own choice and we can't do anything about it" Christian said.

"Omg, you clearly already have our seacrets because you are not going against this. Yesterday I spoke with Cahrles in a meeting and he looked so guilty. He had told about our plans for next season to you" Mattia said now angrily and stood up.

"I would never try to get that kind of information for our team since you have a bad car compairing to us" a new voice said behind Mattia who turned around. Max stood there looking angry.

"How dare you to scare Charles since you're homophobic, do you have any idea how hard this already is for him and you are just trying to brake us up" Max said now almost shouting. "now get your fat ass out of here" He said and pointed the door. Mattia gladly took the exit but mumbling some insults in italy.

I turned to see Christians face. He was smiling.

"Good now I didn't have to get him out of here" He said laughing. "But you know that I fully support you and Charles and I think that Mattia can fuck off" Christian said now with a more serious face.

"Yes I know and I'm glad that You support us. But I think I need to go check up on Charles if Mattia really spoke him yesterday since he didn't tell me anything about that" I said and Christian nodded so I could leave. Unfortunately I didn't find Charles before I needed to start getting ready for the race. I just hoped that he would have a good race so we could talk afterwards.

I was starting second so my plan was to try to get past Carlos immediately so I wouldn't waist my time there. When the lights went out I got a good start and was besides Carlos. We got to the first corner I was leading and noticed that Carlos wasnt behind me anymore, it was George instead. few minutes later I heard my engineer telling that George had made contact with Carlos and he had to retire. I felt bad for him. After that the race was good untill my second pitstop. The wheelgun didn't work and I cursed under my helmet. It took the pit crew 13seconds to change my tyres and in that point Charles who had had a great race had overtook me in the pits. We had amazing fight switching places many times, but at the end I managed to get and stay in front. Then I had a great battle with also Lewis but I managed to also beat him. This had been an exciting race for me wich was nice.

I was the first to cross the line when the checkered flag waived. We had now won the constructors championchip and I dedicated this win to Dietrich. When I parked my car I noticed that Charles had managed to get third and I was so proud of him. We hugged trying to be carefull not to hold each other too long. When we were walking towards the cooldown room I pulled Charles back and kissed him quickly. He became red and started looking around to check if anyone had seen us.

"Relax there is no-one here" I said laughing and started walking again. "But we need to talk when we get back to the hotel" I said in a more serious tone. I noticed how Charles looked confused.

"About what? That sounds like you want to brake up with me" He said looking nervous.

"Don't worry it's nothing like that!" I said smiling before I entered the cooldown room. We chatted a bit about the race with Lewis before the podium. Helmut was there with me and after celebrations we had the top three press conference wich was a bit boring as usual. I just wanted to get back to the hotel. It took me almost two hours before I finally made it to the hotel.

"Charles tomorrow when we get to Mexico we have to go eat tacos, I have been craving them the whole weekend" I said when I entered our room. I noticed that Charles was watching something on his phone.

"Charles, what's wrong?" I asked now suddently worried. Charles lifted his head and I saw tears coming from his eyes. I picked up the phone and looked at screen. All the color drained from my face faster than my car could get from zero to hundred.

-----------------------

I am so so sorry for not getting this out for you earlier but I have not been feeling well and I have been really busy with school and my hobbies... Hopefully you like this chapter<3 and thank you for almost 20k already! :) and sorry for the cliffhanger

Charles pov:

I was happy since my race had been good. I still had a chance to get second place in the championchip. When I got back to our hotel room Max wasn't there yet. I sat down on the bed and openned my phone. Immediately I froze when I saw an email that had came from an anonymous person.

'Dear Charles since you are dating Max and putting Ferraris seacrets at risk I have no other options anymore. You have to choose either, I will tell about you to the press or you will brake up with Max. You have three days time to tell me wich you picked. If you picked wrong the I'm not responssible for the consiquenses. This sport doesn't need gay drivers and you have to understand that. You hurt me now I will hurt you. Oh and I have proof.'

I couldn't move. Under the message was a picture of me and Max in Monaco walking and holding hands. What was I supposed to do in this situation. We were not ready to come out yet, but I didn't want to loose Max. He was my everything. At the same time the door to our room openned and Max walked inside.

"Hey Charles we have to get tacos tomorrow when we get to Mexico, I have been craving them for the whole weekend" He said sounding happy. Then he noticed me and walked towards the bed.

"Charles, what's wrong?" He asked sounding scared. I couldn't say anything. I just looked at him in the eyes. Max took my phone and read the message. He slowly lifted his eyes back to mine.

"What are we going to do?" He whispered. I didn't know what we could do. I was so tired to ferrari and how they treated me and Carlos. i was sure that someone from Ferrari was behind this. However I think it's not Mattia since if he told the press about us he would get all the crap from it. Max sat down next to me and wrapped his arms around me.

"We will figure this out together, don't worry" He said while kissing my face. Still I was worried. This could ruin both of our careers and I wasn't even a worldchamp yet. We just sat there quietly, both unsure what we should do next.

"I don't want to lose you" Max said to me braking the silence. The words were just what I wanted to hear, but still I didn't know what to do with them.

"I don't want to lose you either, but what could we do about this. I mean we don't even know who sent the message to me" I said pretty unsure about things.

"I think it was clearly Mattia" Max said immediately. "He has been shitty towards you about our relationship, wich btw whould have been nice to know" Max said looking at me smiling.

"I think it's not Mattia. If he told about us to the press he would get all the crap about it or at least I hope he would, but how do you know about what Mattia said on saturday?" I asked confused. I hadn't told about it to Max since he had other things to be worried about.

"This morning when I was going to speak with Christian I found Mattia in his office and they were speaking about us" Max said. "Why didn't you tell me about that?" He asked sounding hurt.

"Because you were so stressed and sad about Dietrich passing I didn't want you have anything else you should be worried about" I said now a bit hurt also, he was kinda blaming me about this.

"Oh yeah" Max said now embarassed about his behaviour. "But should we ask help with this? I think Seb or Lewis would maybe know what to do with this" Max suggested carefully.

"Yes I don't see why we can't ask them since they already know about us" I shrugged my shoulders. We decided that I would text seb and Max would text Lewis.

"So what do we write to them?" I asked. I obviously had never been in a situation like this so I had no idea how to approach this.

"Hey, so me and Max have a little problem and we need your help. How about you send that first and then when Seb answeres you tell him the rest" Max suggested.

"That sounds weird but I don't have anything better so let's go with it" I sighed, typed the message and sent it. Max sent the same one to Lewis. In the mean time when we waited them to respond we took a shower together.

"Seb has answered!" I shouted when I picked up my phone after the shower.

"What did he say?" Max asked now rushing to my side.

"He said'sure as long as it's not about something sexual ;)'" I said laughing. Max went to check his phone and Lewis had also answered asking if Max had sent the text to the right pearson. After Max assured him that the message was meant for him Lewis agreed to help. We both typed some sort of explanations about our situation. It didn't take long after I had sent the message that my phone started to ring.

"Max seb is calling me" I said panicking.

"What are you waiting for, pick up and put it on speaker!" Max said.

"Hey Seb" I said. My voice was tebling. I didn't know why speaking to Seb made me so nervous. We were in good terms and he always sent me lovely messages after bad races.

"Hey Charles is Max there with you so he can hear me also?" Sebastian said sounding serious, wich wasn't a surprise since the situation wasn't exactly an easy one.

"Yes I'm here and can hear you" Max said. I looked at him. Max was sitting next to me on the bed, He was looking at the phone that I was holding up.

"Good! Firstly I'm so sorry that you are in this situation and it's really unfare for you. This world where we live is cold and full of people that don't deserve the voice. But do you have any idea who it is that sent you the message?" He asked.

"No other than that it was from someone that works in Ferrari and was in a meeting room after the qualifying or then a person that knows about us" I said when I had firstly thought about my words for a few seconds.

"Well that's a good start" Seb sighed. "What kind of message was it?" He asked after thinking about it for a while.

"What do you mean?" I asked confused. Max started laughing.

"Oh Charles sometimes I forgot how stupid you can be" He said smiling. I could hear Sebastian laughing on the other side of the phone too.

"I still don't get what's funny and what did the question mean?" I said confused. Was I really that stupid or what.

"Was it a text message or email or something else?" Seb asked clearly still trying to hold his laugh.

"Ohhh, yeah I'm stupid, but it was an email" I said and blushed.

"What was the email of the person who sent it to you?" Max asked clearly getting what Sebastian was going after.

"I didn't check that" I said now really embarassed. Max ans Sebastian started laughing at me again. I blushed more heavily and went to check the email.

"The email is just some letters and numbers randomly" I said.

"Well every email has to insert a name there so if you look at the data is there a real human name somewhere?" Seb asked. I checked but didn't find anything helpfull.

We had talked about half an hour and not gone any closer to know who was behind the message. Suddently Max' phone started to ring and it was Lewis. Max picked it up and we explained lewis that Seb was also in the call so we could now all brainstorm ideas. It wasn't easy. Everybody was thinking and talking about different ideas and researching what we could do. It was almost midnight when we finally got the perfect idea and decided what to do. Me and Max promissed to do anything Sebastian or Lewis ever needed us to do because this had taken so much of their times. We finally hung up the calls after almost four hours of talking.

"How are you feeling?" I asked Max when we were finally laying in bed and lights were off so we could go to sleep.

"I feel fine. I think the plan is great, but we need to be careful so things don't go out of hand" He said. Max felt now much more calmer. It had been hard figuring out the plan but it was all worth it. In the end Charles was the only thing that mattered to him. "How about you what do you want to do tomorrow when we get to Mexico?" Max asked me.

"I want to eat tacos and go swimming" I said immediately. I had missed swimming in ocean and eating good real mexican tacos. I still remembered when we were in Zandvoort and Max took me out and we ate tacos. It was the perfect night and back then I didn't even know I had feelings for Max. How fast things had turned upside down.

"Yeah we should have the day just for the two of us. We have not had the chance for that in a while" Max said smiling. He snuggled closer to me. "But now we should go to sleep, we have to wake up at eight so we won't miss the flight" Max said.

"Good night" I said and gave him a kiss.

"Good night Charlie" Max said.

When I closed my eyes I fell asleep immediately.

I was walking in the paddock of the Mexican grand prix. I heard people whispering around me and noticed that all the eyes were on me. It was odd but I didn't think too much about it untill I heard the words Gay and Max. I turned to look at three some random women who all were wearing mclaren outfits. I kept walking I didn't want to stop, but I felt a lump growing in my throat. Had the person who had blackmailed me told everyone about me and Max.

"Charles wait up" Carlos yelled. I turned around to see him jogging towards me.

"Mate do you know what's up, everyone is staring at me" I asked. I noticed how Carlos' face dropped.

"Come with me quickly" He said grabed my arm and led me to our hospitality. He guided me to his driver room and closed the door.

"Tell me what's wrong?" I asked. I was now freaking out. Carlos couldn't look at me in the eyes and then I knew that something was terribly wrong.

"Charles.." He started, but couldn't continue right away. "Everyone knows about you and Max" He whispered. All the air escaped my lungs.

"Who told them?" I asked. I was horrified.

"Charlotte told everyone that you cheated her with Max and now everyone thinks that you are cheater" He said. Carlos looked at me with pain in his own eyes. He knew that I didn't do it.

"But Charlotte didn't know about me and Max, how could he tell everyone about us?" I asked confused. We both flinched when we heard someone banging the door.

"Charles, Max you will be late if you don't get your asses off the bed in this second" I heard someone yelling. It was weird since Max was not there with me, or was he?

Suddently I woke up and sat up so fast that Max who was sleeping on mu stomach hit his head to the headboard.

"Max it was Charlotte" Was the first thing that I said when I could funtion.

"What who was Charlotte?" Max asked clearly confused untill we heard someone banging the door again. Then I heard Pierre's voice.

"Charles or Max you have ten seconds time to open up this goddamm door or I will smash it open" He yelled. I quickly rushed put of the bed and openned the door.

"You have got to be kidding me" Pierre said with two big luggages in his hand. I had clearly forgotten to set up and alarm since we were up till late planning.

"I'm so sorry Pierre" I appologised while I was dressing up. Max had also finally realised what was going on and he had started dressing up as well.

"lucky for you I just got a message that our flight is an hour late so we can still make it" Pierre said while looking at his phone, "But you have to start putting alarms so I don't have to come and get you anymore" he said now a little bit calmer. When he was busy with his phone I whispred to Max' ear:

"I forgot that with the message came a photo and I can tell that it was taken by Charlotte." Max' eyes widenedd but he nodded.

"Well now the plan is easier to complete and I know how we can make it even better, because I when you were still together Kelly told me that she had seen Charlotte making out in a bar bathroom with some other guy" He smiled. My eyes widened. Did Charlotte cheat on me?

-------------------

Well this took longer than I expected... I became sick again and well had a bit of hard time writing this but hopefully you enjoy this. Again don't know if I like this or not but happy to have something for you to read!

We had rushed to the airport and luckily we just made it to the plane. However I was still in shock. Max had just told me that his ex-girlfriend Kelly had seen Charlotte making out with some random dude in a bar bathroom. The first thing that I thought wasn't that she cheated on me, but it was why Max didn't tell me about this sooner. I had been crying in his arms about our brake up but he didn't care to tell me about maybe the reason she broke up with me. In the end the reason didn't really matter since I was really happily with Max now, but it would have been nice to know things like these. But was it my fault that she cheated on me. Was I such a bad boyfriend to her. Maybe I just wasn't enough.

Max had noticed that Charles was quiet just looking out of the airplane window. He had not said a single word to him after they left the hotel with Pierre. Maybe I fucked up somehow. Maybe I shouldn't have told him about Charlotte cheating him, it was probably too much for him to handle right now. I sensed that Charles was not in a talking mood so I silently just took his hand in mine and stroked the back of his hand with my thumb. I saw how Charles smiled a little but he still didn't turn to look at me. I decided that the best way to make him happy again would be getting the tacos I really had been wanting and the talking and maybe watching a movie of his choice. We also needed to call Charlotte and inform her about our plan if he tried to force us out of the closet.

"I think that it was both Mattia and Charlotte" Charles said out of the blue. Me and Pierre had been talking and quickly turned to look at Charles. Pierre had no idea what Charles ment but I knew excatly what he meant.

"Why do you think so?" I asked as calmly as possible. This was a hard toppic for me and also for Charles so I wanted to approach it carefully. Especially now that Charles was clearly vulnerable.

"Well because the message said'putting Ferrari seacrets at risk'that sounds just like Mattia, I think he even said those exsact words to me in saturday, but the the photo is from Charlotte. They were always in really good terms I don't know why, but I think that Charlotte somehow got the photo of us and hinted Mattia that something could be going on between us and that's why he was at my hotel room on one morning trying to caught us. Charlotte probably wants to revenge, because I rejected him in Monza and Mattia is just homophobic" Charles said. It all started to make sence to me, I was now almost certain that it had happened.

"But how do you know that Charlotte took the picture?" I asked still trying to understand everything. Charles grabed his phone still not letting go of my hand and showed me the picture. I looked at it with Pierre, but I couldn't understand how he knew that it was Charlotte.

"I don't understand" Pierre said my thoughts out loud.

"Look at the window in the left corner, there you can see Charlotte's shadow" Charles said now smiling.

"Oh now that I see it it's quite obvious" I said.

"But I still don't understand, what message and all that shit" Pierre said frowning. I didn't blame him, it was complicated situation and we hadn't told him about this.

Charles started to explane it to Pierre in french who nodded and made some sounds when he heard something nasty.

"I have to say that they are incredibly stupid to think that you wouldn't eventually find out who was behind all of this, and they both just risked their careers with blackmailing you" Pierre said with big eyes. I wanted to say something but the flight captain interrupted me with an announcement that we would start landing now. It was very unsmooth landing and since I was sitting in the middle and both Pierre and Charles hated flying with turbulence my both hands were almost violet from them squeezing the life out of them.

When we went to get our luggage Charles' bag hadn't made it. That led to a very angry and hungry Charles, who was almost shouting to the people working in the airport. They promissed to deliver his suitcase to our hotel before Thursday, wich obviously made Charles even more mad. I tried to calm him down and offered that he could wear my clothes if he didn't have enough own ones. That worked and he wasn't as mad anymore. Pierre was just laughing at him because of his bad luck untill Charles reminded him that Pierre was currently 14th on the wdc standings. That made them both arguing in french, so this wasn't as much of a succsess as I had hoped for.

In the taxi wich took us to our hotel Charles started complaining about that he was hungry. I promissed that as soon as we had taken our stuff to his room we could go and find the tacos. Charles was still grumpy but luckily Pierre had one protein bar with him that he gave Charles. He knew that it could save us both from an extreme outburst. Charles was the angry when hungry type and we had both learned that in the hard way. I remembered that when Charles and Charlotte had just broken up I went to his room and he was just grumpy af. He was shouting until I asked what was really wrong and then he admiited that he was just hungry.

The traffic was huge in Mexico so it took us almost an hour to get to the hotel. When we checked in to our rooms There was a problem.

"I'm so sorry mister Leclerc but there is no room under your name" The reception lady told Charles. I heard that because I was checking in next to him. I could see Charles getting angrier.

"What do you mean there is no room under my name?" He asked trying to remain calm. "The Ferrari team is staying here this weekend" He said.

"Yes they are but there is no reservation under the name Leclerc" The lady said now looking a bit scared since Charles had started almost yelling.

"I want to see your manager" He said a little bit more calm clearly trying to control himself. Pierre walked to me asking why Charles is yelling. I explained that there had been a misunderstanding. When the manager came to him Charles started speaking angrily but the man couldn't do anything about the situation. The hotel was fully booked because of the gp as always. Charles called to someone and then handed the phone to the manager. After fifteen minutes beging on the phone Charles signalised that I had to go where he was standing.

"I am so sorry for the misunderstanding mister Leclerc, what could we do now to make it up to you" I heard the man asking Charles.

"Can you add me to the room where he is staying so my lost luggage will come to me eventually?" Charles asked. "And then we would like some tacos delivered to the room for free obviously since this was your mistake" Charles added. The man did everything he asked and gave us two extra room cards and told that the tacos would be there in the next thirty minutes.

"So you just assume that you can come sleeping in my room" I joked when we were finally in the elevator.

"Well yes I assume that" He smirked. "But how is this possible that nothing ever goes my way. Has someone put me under a spell or something. You never lose you luggage or have no room in a hotel" He sighed while walking towards now our room.

"I think so, it's the only logical answere in this situation, and maybe I was just born lucky" I laughed. I loved how Charles could joke about these things even a little now. I had taught him well.

The rest of the day was spent eating delicious tacos, watching modern Family (it had became our show that we always watched together) and later we went to the gym.

In the evening it was time for our plan that we had made for Charlotte and Mattia. Lewis and Sebastian came over to our room and we talked about the last details.

"Okay so now you will call her?" Sebastian asked making sure that he was fully aware of our plan. Charles nodded and pressed the call button. It took a few rings until Charlotte answered. We all heard the conversation that happened next but didn't understand it since the call was obviously happening in french.

"Oh Hey Charles congrats on your great race in cota!" She said excitedly. "But why are you calling me, I thought that you didn't want to be with me anymore" She said.

"Thanks and yeah I thought so too but it seems like I can't get rid of you that easily" He said with an evil grin.

"And what is that supposed to mean?" Charlotte asked clearly confused.

"I think you know the reason, you are trying to sabotage my relationship" Charles said with a serious voice.

"I don't understand what you are talking about"

"I know that you and Mattia are blackmailing me and Max" Charles said with a steady voice. It was silent from the other end of the line for a long time.

"Well even if it was us, what are you going to do about it?" She asked.

"Well I have proof that you took the photo and now I also have your word about it" Charles smirked, the plan had worked quite well untill now.

"What if I have already sent the picture to the gossip magazines?" She asked.

"Well then we are going to take this to the police. This would be a great thing for you and Mattia in court. I am accusing you of blackmailing, stalking and not respecting my privacy" I said.

"But how do you even know that it was me who took the picture?" She sounded scared and rushed now. We had gotten them.

"I can see your reflection in the window in the background" Charles simply said. Charlotte cursed silently but loud enough for Charles to hear.

"So what are we going to do now is that you tell Mattia that I know about everything and I am not affraid to go to the police with this if you don't keep your mouths shut untill I decide to come forward about this. Is it clear now?" Charles asked.

"Yes! Do you want something else?" She asked irritated.

"No, I want a confirmation from Mattia that he will stay out of my way and knows that I know he was behind this. And well I know that you cheated me when we were still together, so If you want to have a career still I would think about all of my moves from now on" Charles said and hung up before Charlotte could say anything else.

We all looked at Charles. Since we didn't speak french we were waiting for him to confirm that the plan had sucseeded. He didn't say anything untill Lewis gave up.

"So what did she say?" Lewis asked. Charles started smiling and told us that the plan had worked better than expected.

"So now we don't have to be scared that they are going to out us and we can do that when ever we want" Charles said smiling. I was so happy that I kissed him in front of Seb and Lewis who both made an'awww'sound.

"Honestly thank you so much for helping us. I don't know what we would have done without you" I said to Lewis and Sebastian.

When we were alone it felt so good to know that again another problem was behind us. We were stronger together and we could make it thru everything. Or at least I hoped so. We still had to tell Jos about our relationship...

-----------------

I have been sturgling so much with my time. It won't be any better for the next week but then hopefully a little better. I have had literally no extra time to write so this chapter is very rushed but I promise that I will come back stronger like Ferrari (hopefully)

The frist two races have been... not so good as a ferrari fan but hopefully we will rise from this!

fyi I have nothing against Kelly or Charlotte, this is just for the story!

and thank you so much for 25k reads and almost 1k votes they mean so much to me<3

Max pov:

It had been a good weekend for me, another win in my pocket. Charles however had had one of the worst races of the season. He was only sixth behind his team mate Carlos. The car was bad and Charles was tired. He had told me that he just wanted the season to end. It was understandable and I felt bad about that. But on the bright side it was finally the week of our Coldplay concert. We would be flying to Brasil on friday and the concert would be on saturday. Charles was very excited about it and so was I. I had been seacretly learning all the lyrics for their biggest hits and they had many good songs.

I had also been thinking about how I or we should tell about us to my father. He had been asking me about if I had a girlfriend more than normal and I was getting tired of it. Charles said that he was fine with telling my father about us but I didn't know if I was ready. He was homophobic and I knew that. When I was small he had told me that boys like girls not boys. Luckily I had an awesome mother and sister who always told me that I could love whoever I wanted.

In the last few days some photos of me on the beach in the summer break were leaked to the internet and I couldn't escape the hate that I was getting. I knew that I didn't have the sixpack, wich about all the other drivers had. I know thinking about this was ridiculous. I also knew that I wasn't the most handsome man out there, so I had been wondering how Charles could like me. He was one of the most beautiful and handsome man on earth and I wasn't. So safe to say that I had also strugled a lot recently. Thankfully the mess with Charlotte and Mattia had been sorted out succsesfully, so at lest Charles was happy. I couldn't tell him about my issues now that everything was going good again.

I was laying in our hotelroom bed while thinking about all of these things. Charles had gone to town with Pierre so I was alone and it was the best time to think about all of these things. Suddently I remembered that Daniel had asked me to do something with him whenever I had free time, so I decided to give him a call. The phone beeped four times before he answered.

"Hey Max! How are you doing?" He asked, I could hear him smiling while talking. I debated weather I should tell him the truth or just lie like a normal pearson. But before I could think about what I was saying the words just flew out of my mouth.

"I'm doing terrible, I need to talk to you" I said and then slapped my hand on my mouth scared about what I had said. It was silent for few seconds before Daniel started speaking.

"Thanks for telling me Max, where do you want to meet?" He asked smile long gone now. I almost asked if we could go somewhere eating since I was so hungry, but it made me uncomfortable right now so I asked if we could go for a walk. Daniel agreed and we agreed on meeting in the lobby in five minutes. I quickly got out of bed changed my clothes and texted Charles that I would be going out with Daniel. He replied immediately with 'Okay have fun<3'. I smiled at my phone, how could someone make me feel so warm inside by just texting me.

"Hey loverboy!" I heard Daniel saying right in front of me. I quickly turned my phone off. Hopefully he hadn't seen our messages. there were a lot of let's just say intimate messages on top of the todays text.

"Hey Daniel" I greeted him smiling. Even if we had been talking about going for a walk ee headed to a restaurat next to the hotel since we were both hungry. We were guided to a table in the back so we could get a little privacy. When we sat down Daniel leaned rorward and spoke quietly.

"Where is Charles, why are you not with him, or has something happened?" He asked.

"We're doing good, nothing to complaine about that, he's out with Pierre" I said.

"Well then what's wrong?" Daniel asked. I knew I had to tell him since I had started this convesation even if it was on accident.

"My dad is homophobic and I don't know how I should tell him about me and Charles" I said. I decided to start with the thing mostly on my mind. Daniel looked at me with a face that said he was trying to think of a good answere.

"I think you should do it somewhere at least a little public since we know his anger issues, but are you sure that you even want to tell him or that you are ready to tell him? I know you have a difficult relationship with him and I want you to do what's best for you and for Charles" Daniel added.

"Everyone else in my family knows and what if Luka or Lio accidentally told it to him. Then he would hate me even more for not telling him about this" I said trying to defend myself.

"Okay that's a good point, Maybe do it after you have won in Brasil" Daniel suggested "then he will be happy and it wont be as bad as it could".

"Daniel now you jinxed my win" I said laughing and Daniel started laughing as well. I decided that I would tell my dad when he would be in good mood next time.

"But let's get serious I know there is something else in your mind, I'm your bestie so please be honest with me" Daniel said now seriously. I sighed, it was hard opening up about your stuggles to someone, but I knew I could trust fully on Daniel.

"Why does Charles like me? My looks are above average and he's like a god. I have seen so many comments about how he is the prettiest human on earth and don't get me wrong I completely understand it since he is the most beautiful human ever, but why would he want me?" I said and could even feel tiny tears in my eyes. I almost never cried and it made me even more mad. How could I be so weak? However Daniel interrupted my thoughts.

"Max I know it's hard and I can understand what you are feeling. Self confidence is so hard to achieve. It took me years to get where I am now and because of mclaren I feel shitty again. But I don't think you are above average looking. You are just as beautiful as Charles in your own way. Even if you don't have the most pumped up body it doesn't mean that you are not beautiful. I think that Charles love you just the way you are and wouldn't change a thing. The point is, haters gonna hate. Shake it off. Taylor swift, always right." Daniel said looking at me straight in my eyes and smiling. It felt good to hear that even if it came from Daniel and not Charles. And Daniels Taylor Swift commet made me smile.

"Thank you Daniel" I said quietly. I was not the best pearson in thanking people but now I knew why Daniel was my best friend and it hurt me to see him strugling in mclaren adn seeing that he has no seat for next year. "But hey you had a great race last week in Mexico" I said and we started talking about his career moves and what he would do next year. He also told me some of the negotiations and offers that he had had. I made sure to ask him about his mental health and gave him some advice on that. We also ate some delicious food and for the first time in a few days I didn't feel guilty about eating.

Charles pov:

I was with Pierre in some type of museum. I didn't particularly like museums but I did it for Pierre since he had wanted to spend some time with me and had promissed to offer me drinks and food after. I had been a bit worried about Max. he had not been himself in the last few days. I didn't know the cause of it because I was too affraid to ask. It sounds stupid, but I was affraid that he would leave me and I knew I wouldn't be able to take it, he was the love of my life. Pierre clearly noticed how I didn't listen a word he was saying.

"Okay Charles should we leave the museum since you seem like you don't really like it here?" Pierre asked and I nodded. "If I had known you hate museums I would have brought Yuki here" Pierre lauged. For me it was not funny. At the same time I got a text from Daniel, my eyes widened when I was reading it.

"What is it?" Pierre quickly asked since he noticed my emotios. I showed him the phone.

'Hey Charles I am now out eating with Max and he told me he has had some difficulties about his body. I don't want to tell you everything that he said since it's not my plae to tell but I think you should talk to him and maybe make him feel good about himself ;). Sorry this is a serious thing I souldn't be joking, but couldn't resist!

I looked at Pierre. "Is it my fault that he is not okay?" I whispered. I felt awful, how had I not seen this. I was a bad boyfriend. Pierre took me in a hug.

"Charles this is not your fault, in this sport everyone goes thru something like this and the most important thing now is that you make Max feel better about himself and maybe in a way that Daniel suggested" Pierre said and winked. I laughed a little and blushed. We talked about this on our way to get food and drinks. I wanted to go straight back to Max, but I knew that he was now with Daniel so I didn't leave Pierre alone. When we sat down pierre crossed his arms and leaned forwards.

"So you have been together for what three moths and you have not told me a single detail about your sex life and I'm starting to think that you don't have it at all, so should I be concerned?" Pierre asked me with a dead serious face. I however knew he was kind of joking, but pleasure is a serious matter.

"Well I would say that you don't have to be" I said smirking. Pierre started smiling immediately.

"Is it good, who tops, where have you done it?" Pierre started firing me with questions. I was one margarita down so I was ready to answere.

"It is awesome, I have been with a lot of women but I think that no one has came even close to Max" I said "And we switch so sometimes he tops and sometimes I top" I said now slightly blushing.

"And wehre have you done it and how long did it take before the first time?" Pierre asked now even more courious.

"We have done it in so many places so I don't even remember" I lied, ofcourse I remembered. Unfortunately Pierre was my best friend and saw that I was lying.

"I don't believe you" He said. I sighed and told him about how in Italy we started dating and had sex right away. I also told about how we had almost gotten caught in America by Horner. When I didn't want to go into any more details I started asking Pierre about this new Girl he had been with for some time.

"When are you going to bring her to a race so I can see her?" I asked. Pierre smirked.

"She will come to Abu Dhabi so you can see her there" Pierre smiled. We ate the food and then left to the hotel. On our way back Pierre was telling me what I sould do with Max now. I had been careful not to drink too much so I would be in good senses. I wanted to be able to comfort him. I said goodbye to Pierre when I headed to our room hoping that Max would be there already.

I openned the door and saw him there laying on the bed watching something on his phone. I walked closer after taking off my shoes. I noticed Max going thru his foryou feed in tiktok. The best thing was that there was some kind of edit about me.

"I didn't know you had tiktok" I said smiling and gave him a kiss in the neck. Max hadn't clearly noticed me coming back because he jumped slightly before closing his phone and wrapping his arms around me.

"Did you have a good time with Pierre?" he asked. I nodded.

"Did you have a good time with Daniel?" I asked.

"Yeah but I would have rather been here with you" Max said with a cheeky grin.

"I hoped you would say that" I said and started kissing Max. I was now extremely needy. We hadn't had time for this in four days wich wasn't long, but clearly it was too long for me. max started undressing me. When I took his shirt of I made sure to compliment him.

"I forgot how hot and sexy you look" I said in between the kisses. I didn't lie. For me Max was the most beautiful human ever and I just wanted the best for him. I noticed how the words affected him in a positive way and it made my day a hundred times better. I made sure to give him more compliments than ever and he rerurned it. This time he was the top and I could already fell how sitting in a plane tomorrow would be a bit uncomfortable. luckily we had a private plane since my sponsor vista jet had gotten that for us. Oh life was perfect right now especially when a certain Dutchman was on top of me.

--------------------------

Finally after eight exams in two weeks I had time to write! So happy to get this out for you and thank you for waiting.

I will be leaving to Spain in couple of days and then the competition season will fully go crazy so updates will come when ever I have time.

But Australia... Great race entertainment wise, but bad results at least for ferrari and alpine:( but so happy for Oscar he deserves it<3

Charles pov:

It was finally the day that I had been waiting for forever, or at least it felt like it. Me and Max were going to attend the Coldplay concert today. I was so excited that I woke up at eight in the morning. It was strange since I always sleept till noon. However the concert was in the evening so we had pleanty of time before that. I was so excited that I unintentionally woke Max up by slapping him in the face. I heard him mumbling something in Dutch untill he remembered that I don't understand him.

"Charles too early to be awake" he said and turned around, clearly not redy to wake up.

"But I can't and don't want to sleep anymore" I said and crossed my arms. I was sitting untill he sneaked his hands around my waist and pulled me down. I started laughing because he tickled me.

"Can I at least sleep a few hours more?" Max asked eyes closed. I thought about it for a few seconds.

"No you can't!" I said and took the blanket away from him. Max made a whimper sound because of the sudden cold. I just laughed at him because he looked so funny, it didn't last long before he tackled me to the bed and we started wrestling in the hotel bed. At some point it turned to making out and from there obviously to having morning sex. So safe to say that it was a good morning.

We decided to head to the private swimming pool since it was a hot day. It was a good decicion since we saw Alex, Lily, Carlos and Lando there. Lando waived at us so we headed to sit next to them.

"So we were thinking about going golfing, do you guys want to join us?" Lily asked. I turned to look at Max. I obviously wanted to go but I knew Max hated golfing.

"Yeah we can come, but I'm not playing" Max said to my surprise. I was so happy that I gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek untill I remembered that we were still partly in a public place. I turned to look at Lily.

"I knew already, do you think Alex can keep all the f1 drama away from me" She laughed and Max started laughing as well. Alex however didn't look that happy.

"Lily you can't tell them that I tell you everything, now they wont tell me everything anymore" he said faking his disappointment.

"When are we leaving?" I asked.

"In two hours if it's okay" Lando said and I nodded. We all laid there taking in the sun that was shining brightly. I closed my eyes just for a few seconds and felt the sun on my skin.

Max pov:

Charles fell asleep in the sunchair so I decided to get my revenge on him waking me up too early this morning. I grabed a glass and filled it with cold water. Everybody watched me trying to hold their laughs so Charles wouldn't wake up. Alex took his phone out and started filming everything. I slowly walked up to Charles and dumped the water on his face. I think I have never laughed so hard. Charles started screaming like a baby because of the cold water. Everybody else laughed exept Charles. He stood up and before I could react he lifted me up and threw me in the pool. Now I wasn't laughing anymore but he was.

"I'm dying" Carlos was laughing so hard that he had to bend down like Lando. Luckily I knew that Charles was a bit stupid sometimes so I sticked my hand up so he could help me up. It worked since he grabed my hand.

"No Charles it's a trap!" Alex shouted but too late. I pulled Charles to the water. He yelped and splashed water over Lando who was laying on ground.

"You are so stupid" He said after his head came back to the surface. I just smirked and swam closer to him but Charles just got out of the pool and went back to his chair. I frowned a little since he was acting little bit childish. Luckily Alex and Carlos came to the pool with me so I was not alone.

"What happened to him?" I asked confused.

"Don't worry he just acts offended so you would make it up to him" Carlos said smiling.

"How do you know?" I asked now even more confused.

"I am his teammate and he does this always when I beat him in challenges or padel or something like that" Carlos lauged.

"So in other words he just wants to get laid" Alex said laughing.

"Again" I face palmed and realised what I had said. I looked up and saw confused looks from Carlos and Alex. "Yeah we had a busy morning" I said and got up from the pool. If he wanted to be the bottom we had to leave so we had enough time before the Golf.

We were getting ready to go golfing wich I wast really excited about, but I didn't want Charles to cancell it because of me. I knew how much he liked golfing, well not as much as the others but he still enjoyed it. I tried to be positive and I thought that I could drive the golf car and sit there and laugh at Lando when he missed his puts.

Charles pov:

We drove to the golf course and I was excited. I had not had time to go golfing for a while so It made me happy to have the time for it now. I was also happy that Max joined us even tho he didn't like golfing.

The golfing part was fun. Lando got angry because he lost again and Carlos won again, well Lily won but we didn't count that since she was a professional golfer. Even Max had fun. He drove the golf car and laughed when someones ball went to the water. After golfing we went to get lunch in the country club. We chatted about our plans for the day.

"So what are you doing later today?" Lando asked while drinking his coke.

"We are probably going to the beach near the hotel" Alex said. "What about you and Max?" He asked.

"We have tickets to the Coldplay concert later this evening" I told everyone.

"Omg Alex why won't you take me to watch Coldplay?" Lily asked clearly jealous.

"It was a birthday gift from Charles to Max" Alex protested. "And I got you a new suitcase" Alex added and we started laughing.

"A suitcase, very romantic Alex" Carlos said.

"Well she needed a new one so whats so bad about it, it was an expensive one" Alex protested.

Safe to say it was a good afternoon golfing and having fun with friends. But I missed my family. I had not seen them in what felt like eternily. Luckily they would be in Abu Dhabi, but still I missed them very much. I knew that Max also missed his family. It was the worst part of our jobs to be away from our families such a long time. Luckily we had each other.

We got to our hotel room and had about two hours before we would leave to the Concert. I decided to go and take a shower since it was hot day and I was sweaty. Max didn't join me wich was a bit disappointing. In the shower I tried to wash all the sweat away. I thought about what I should wear to the concert but couldn't come up with anything good. It meant that Max would be getting a fashion show.

"Max I don't know what to wear!" I shouted when I came out of the bathroom. "Max I need help" I shouted again since I didn't get a response from the first time. I looked around the corner and saw that he was in a face time call I don't know with who and he was looking at me with fear in his eyes. Then I heard some man speaking in Dutch.

"Max die bij je is?"(Max who is there with you)Jos asked sounding oddly scared.

"Niemand vader"(no one dad)Max said, I obviously didn't understand what they were talking about but I could sense that It was about me.

"Max lieg niet tegen me en vertel me wie daar is"(Max don't lie to me and tell me who's there)Jos said now a bit angry. I saw how Max swallowed.

"Charles" Max said quietly, I was too affraid to say anything. I heard a long silence from the other end of the phone.

"Max why is Charles in your room asking what to wear?" Jos asked now in English so I could understand wich I was gratefull for. Max looked at me unsure about what to say so I just nodded. I didn't want to hide us anymore from his dad and I knew that Max wanted to tell about us to his dad.

"We are dating" Max said. Jos didn't say anything and just sighed.

"Does your mother know about this?" Jos asked and Max nodded. "Why haven't you told me about this?" Jos asked sounding disappointed. Max was thinking about what he should say and he chose the truth.

"I was affraid" Max whispered "and I didn't want to tell you like this, I wanted to tell you in person" he added.

"I'm not mad at you, I am just disappointed. Not because you didn't tell me, but because you felt scared to tell me" Jos said and Max' eyes widened. I wasn't expecting him to say anything like that and clearly I wasn't the only one by the look on Max' face.

"I am sorry" Max said, "but I would like you to meet Charles in Abhu dhabi and maybe you can meet his family there if you want" Max suggested. I saw Jos nodding.

"Charles come here, I want to see you so that I know that Max is not playing a prank on me, it wouldn't be the first time" Jos said now sounding a bit more relaxed. I quickly pulled on a random shirt that was on the floor and sat to the bed next to Max. I noticed how both of them were smiling. Max was clearly relieved about the response from his dad and that coming out to him was now done.

We spoke for a few minutes telling Jos how long we had been together ect. After he ended the call I turned to look at Max.

"I am so sorry for shouting at you, I didn't know that you were speaking to him" I appologised.

"It's not your fault and to be honest I'm glad that he knows so I don't have to hide it anymore" Max smiled at me and I hugged him.

"I wish that my dad and Jules and Anthoine would be here and we could tell them about us" I whispered quietly after a while and a tear rolled out of my eye.

"I know Charlie, but they see us from above and I know that they are happy for us" Max said and gave me a sweet kiss. "But now we have to get dressed or we will miss the concert" he said and we got up. Max helped me to choose my outfit and I helped him to choose his. We were matching since we were both wearing blue.

We took a taxi to the stadium. I had booked us a vip area so we could be in peace away from wild fans since there would be many people there tonighr. We got the light bracelets from the entrance and I was so excited at this point. We were guided to our places and I could see that Max was also really excited about this. We made it just in time and the first song started to play. It was Higher power witch was also one of my favourites from Coldplay. I was singing loudly untill I noticed Max singing the lyrics that I didn't even know he knew. He looked so adorable that I had to take a picture and I posted it on my private instagram right away with a caption'Happiest here with you<3'.

The concert was even more amazing that I could have ever imagined. Max knew the lyrics to almost every song that they played. We danced and sang together for the whole evening. I took videos and even asked a stranger to take a picture of us together when they played Yellow.  A Sky Full of Star was our favourite, the atmosphere was so magical and I even stole quick kiss from Max. I knew that everybody was too busy with watching the actual concert so no one wouldn't probably pay any atention to us.

The last song was Fix You. When the chorus came Max turned towards me and sang for me. "Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try to fix you". I started to sing together with him without breaking the eye contact. It was the best night of my life that I never wanted to forget.

----------------------------------------

I am back from spain wich was lovely! I am so bored now that there has not been any racing for a long time. Luckily I have many competitions. But thank you for reading this and hoping that you will have an amazing week<3 (btw can't wait for my coldplay concert in the summer:D)

It was the Brazilian gp week and Charles was nervous. He needed to score more points than Checo if he wanted to get second place on the drivers championship. Sure he trusted his driving, but he didn't trust the car or the team and let's just say that it wasn't an ideal situation. Luckily it was a sprint weekend, so he had more chances to score points before Abu Dhabi. It was kind of crazy that almost every driver would fly to UAE in the night after the race, but it had to be done since the time difference was big.

Practice one was good. Charles right behind Checo and Max behind Charles, so Charles felt confident before the qualifying.

"Charles wait up" Max yelled when he saw Charles walking in the paddock towards the garages. Charles turned to look at him and stopped.

"I have one minute before I am ten minutes late so better be quick" Charles said trying to sound calm.

"Yeah I only wanted to wish you good luck and just say that they expect rain during q3 so if they don't inform you about that I want you to know" He said. Charles started smiling. He liked that Max wanted him to succeed.

"Thank you Maxy and good luck. You could always give me a little tow in the straight since we are so straight" Charles winked and started running towards the Ferrari garage. When he finally made it he was only 12 minutes late.

"Well finally mister stupid decided to show up" Carlos joked when Charles walked past him.

"Sorry that I have a caring boyfriend" Charles smirked.

There had been rain before the qualifying but luckily the track had dried enough, so they got to do fast laps on soft tyres. However it was a close call. Charles was only 12th in q1 and Carlos 14th. Luckily they both still made it to q2. It had started to rain a bit again but still not enough for intermediates or wet tires. It went better than the first qualifying so there was nothing to worry about, except q3. It had started to rain little bit harder and it would start raining even more in a matter of time. Still everyone were putting soft tyres, well exept for Charles but he didn't know that until he went to queue for the green light and saw that everyone else had soft tyres.

"Am I the only one with Inters?" He asked sounding a bit worried.

"Yes you are the only one" Xavi told him.

"Fuck why?" Now Charles was pissed. How could Ferrari ruin his chances again but still give Carlos a good chance for a decent lap. Charles noticed Perez behind him, and he decided that his only option was to keep him behind him for the warm up lap and the fast lap. When the light switched to green Charles drove as fast as he could with cold tyres, and he didn't let Checo through until after the first push lap when he pitted for soft tyres. It wasn't going good and then came the red flag because of George. Charles was furious. He didn't even try with the inters after the green flag since the rain was now too heavy. He got out of the car and didn't speak to anybody on his way to the drivers room. Only good thing was that Chaéco would start p9, and he p10 and Magnussens Pole, but he was really unhappy.

"Fuck why do you always ruin my chances" He screamed and banged the door. Luckily there was almost no one there but still some people who probably felt the same way as Charles. Charles sat quietly in the room just listening the rain for about ten minutes before his pr manager came to get him for the interviews. He saw max there who apparently didn't know about what had happened. Max had gotten a p2 which he was happy about and Charles tried to smile when he walked past Max, but he just couldn't. Max noticed how miserable Charles looked and turned to look at his pr manager.

"In what position did Charles finish?" He asked sounding a bit unsure.

"I think he didn't set a lap at all since they putted inters in his car for the first run" She said. Max knew now why Charles looked so miserable, and he became mad. How could Ferrari always fuck up over Charles. Max had to finish his interviews and go to a quick team meeting about tomorrow before he could head to the hotel. He wanted to comfort Charles and to be there for him but red bull had decided to keep him at the track as long as possible. It was almost nine pm when he got back to the hotel. Max saw Charles laying in bed under the covers and speaking angry French probably to Arthur and his Mom. Charles turned to look at Max when he heard the door closing.

"Who are you talking to?" Max asked and moved closer to the bed. Charles showed Joris and Arthur to Max and Max waived at them. Charles quickly ended the call and sat up, so he could see Max better.

"So how are you feeling?" Max asked carefully.

"Great, it feels great to be treated like this" Charles joked trying to smile but failing miserably. Max saw tears in his eyes and sat next to him on the bed and pulled him to a hug. We just sat there for a while until Charles felt a bit better.

"Mattia told me today that if I get the second place in the championchip I will get ten million dollar bonus" Charles said after a while. Max' eyes widened.

"Ten million dollars! Wow that's almost as big as my bonus last year!" He said while looking at Charles.

"How much did you get then?" Charles asked confused.

"It doesn't matter" Max said, but Charles insisted that he told him how much he earned from his first championship.

"Okay fine 12million bonus" Max said reluctantly. Charles started laughing.

"So your salary last year was like 30million in total" he said and Max nodded.

"It's crazy how much we get paid to do this kind of things" Max said and Charles agreed.

Fast forward it was sprint day and let's just say it wasn't a great race for Max or Charles. Max started second but got overtaken by firstly George then Carlos and lastly Hamilton. Carlos touched his front wing which made him loose time, and he was an easy catch for Hamilton. That was enough to make Max unhappy for the evening. Charles also didn't have a great race since he couldn't overtake anyone in the beginning, but managed to climb up to sixth from tenth it wasn't great but it could have been worse.

In the evening Charles and Max decided to forget the race and took a long bath together. They also ate some Brazilian food which was fantastic. The company they had from each other presence was enough to keep them happy for the rest of the night. It was also good that they didn't have any battles together, so they didn't have to be mad at each other from something stupid other did on track. They had made a promise to keep racing and relationship separately but it didn't always work out like that. They loved to speak about racing and talk shit about others, but they avoided talking about sensitive topics or their rivalry on track.

"So what do you think, where will you end up in tomorrows race?" Charles asked. They usually never tried to predict the results but the season was almost over so why not.

"Hmm, hopefully higher than you" Max joked. "No but seriously if it is not in the top three I must have made some stupid mistake or Lewis has taken me out" Max kept joking but Charles liked that.

"Well then If I don't win tomorrow either the car has broken down or Latifi took me out while I was trying to lap him" Charles said laughing. "We should write these predictions down and see tomorrow what happened" Charles suggested and Max thought that it was a great idea, so they wrote the predictions on Charles' notes app and went to sleep not knowing what the race would bring to them.

The starting grid was full of people and Max never liked that there were that many people who didn't belong in there but unfortunately he couldn't do anything about it. They had spoken about it in the drivers conference but the Fia didn't want to do anything about it since it brought them a lot of money. The grid access wasn't cheap.

The formation lap started and Max felt ready for the race. He was starting fifth since Carlos had an engine penalty that dropped him to seventh. Charles felt excited but somewhat frustrated. He had a lot of work to do if he wanted to be in the top three by the end of the race. The track was one of his favourites so the driving would be very enjoyable.

The lights went out and the race started. Max managed to hold his third position but Charles lost a place to Lando. There was an early safety car because of a collision between Daniel and Kevin but after the restart things got wild. Max and Lewis touched and right after that Lando span Charles around and Charles crashed into the wall.

"Fuck what a fucking idiot Hamilton is" Max said on his radio after falling to the back of the grid. Fia thought that Max was guilty and got a five-second penalty. Charles wasn't happy either and cursed on his radio. Luckily Charles was able to keep driving, but he was also on the back of the grid. It was Landos fault, and he got the five-second penalty this time.

Charles and Max both went to the pits Max had to change his front wing and tyres while Charles changed his tyres. They were now together in the back. It was becoming a long race for both of them. After Max served his penalty Charles was 15th and Max 17th.

By the lap 52 Charles had managed to climb up into 7th place while Max was 11th. Checo was 4th which meant that Charles would probably lose his second place in the championship. But then Lando's car broke and another safety car was brought to the track. Charles thought that it was karma since Lando ruined his race. After the last restart Charles managed to get past Perez and ended up in 4th place which was a great result when you look at where he came from. Max also ended up in 6th after a bit of a rocky race.

Still he had more pace that Checo so the team told them to switch the positions so Max could try, and overtake Alonso and if he couldn't do that they would switch the places back. However, Max couldn't get Alonso and he was asked to switch places back, but he just stayed silence. He knew how much the second place in the championship ment for Charles, so he didn't give the place back. Max knew he would hear about it later today and probably for the rest of his season but Max didn't care. His ego was also too big to give the place back even tho he had already won the championship.

After the race in the interviews Max heard that Checo and Charles were now even in the points. Charles heard the same thing and was super happy. He knew that he would do anything to get ahead of Checo in Abu Dhabi. After the quick meetings and packing in the hotel Charles and Max headed to the airport. They laughed about their predictions and how Max was right about Hamilton taking him out. Well he only collided with him but still almost the same.

It was surprising that almost half the grid was on the same flight so the first class was filled with drivers. It was also fun since they toasted to Georges win and then passed away because of the exhaustion of the day. They would wake up in Dubai the next day. Max and Charles were not sitting next to each other at first but Lando asked Charles if he wanted to switch as an apologise from the race and probably because Charles was sitting next to Carlos. Charles happily switched seats and ended up sleeping had in had with Max in the plane.

----------------------------------------

I am back and enjoyed writing this chapter a lot. I think I will stick with the third pearson pov since it's easier to write like that. (I have never written a story in english so I had to test everyhing first lol)

But it's RACE WEEK I am sso excited isnce baku is one of my favourite circuits<3

hopefully you enjoy this chapter and thank you for almost 40k reads, I never thought it would be possible<33333

It was the last raceweek of the season. Unfortunately it was held in a country where dating someone from the same gender was against the law, so Charles and Max needed to be careful like they always were. It was wednesday and they were going to ride on camels in the desert. They decided to make it a fun day before the last push of the season. Charles had suggested it and Max had immediately got excited about riding a camel in desert. Max was currently driving the car to the place where Charles had booked the experience.

"So are you excited?" Charles asked Max. It was pretty useless question since Max had been very excited about it the whole day.

"No I am scared and want to turn around" Max joked which Charles somehow missed as his eyes widened when he heard Max.

"Max you should have said something sooner! But if you don't want to go I can just cancell it" He said voice full of panic. Max just started to laugh.

"Oh Charlie it was just a joke" he said in between laughs. Charles placed his hand on top of his heart and breathed out.

"Good because I had to pay for it in advance and I don't want to waist 500€" Charles said and now Max turned to look at him.

"What, how can riding a camel cost so much?" Max questioned but Charles just shrugged his shoulders. "Well everything is expensive here". Max couldn't disagree with him. They had been out eating somewhere yesterday with a view over Burj Kalifa and they had charged almost 200€ extra because of the view. Like the food wasn't expensive enough. Luckily they both earned a pretty good money so it wasn't a big deal. However since Charles grew up in a normal not very wealthy family he had learned to be a bit more carefull with his money. Or atleast when it had nothing to do with clothes. Max was the complete opposite with that. He liked spending money on everything else but clothes. maybe that's why he wore his team kit to almost everywhere. Charles was carefull to not let Max wear his team kit anywhere else than in the paddock or in sponsor things.

They arrived in the desert and got out of the car. Charles went to greet the pearson who was with the camels. When one of them sticked its head closer to Charles he jumped backwards almost falling since he wasn't expecting that. Max just laughed.

Max was almost immediately sitting on top of one but Charles was bit more hesitant. He started to regret that he suggested a thing like this. He was affraid that he was goint to fall off and it would walk over him.

"Come on Charles it's not scary it looks more scary that it actually is" Max tried to encourage Charles who was taking a picture of Max and the camel. Max was wearing a scarf around his head so he looked bit more like a sugar daddy.

"Maybe it's better that you ride it and then I will just watch from here" Charles said while stepping backwards.

"You didn't want to waist money so get your ass to the camel" Max said now holding his laughter. "What would everyone think when they hear that you are too scared to ride a camel" He said and winked.

"I will come but only if I can ride you aftewards" Charles suggested but with a quiet voice so the worker wouldn't hear him. Max laughed but agreed quickly. Charles sat on top of the camels back slowly trying to be carefull.

"Now hold on tightly, because it will stand up quickly" The guide said but Charles didn't hear him. Only when the camel stood up he let out a little scream and hold on for dear life. Max just laughed. He was having so much fun.

It turned out to be a really nice experience and even Charles liked it. The camels were walking towards the sunset. Max took his phone out of his pocket and started filming Charles and the sunset.

"Max are you crazy put your phone away so you won't fall" Charles said in panick.

"It's going slowly, I think I can handle it" Max said and at the same time almost dropped his phone only for Charles to have a chance to say'I told you so'. After the half an hour ride they were back at the beginning. The guide took a photo of both of them on top of the camels.

Back in the car Charles looked at the photos and decided to post one on his private insta. He wrote a caption'having fun with my maxy'.

"Can I post this photo on my private insta?" Charles asked Max who took a quick look at the photo and caption.

"Sure it's a good photo, and cute way to say that I'm yours" Max smirked and grabed Charles' hand.

After the post Charles closed his phone so he could focus on talking with Max. they were still in dubai so they needed to drive to Abu Dhabi. the drive was only about an hour to their hotel so it wasn't bad. they had decided to have few days in dubai before going to  Abu Dhabi where the race would be held. In fact most of the driver did that. They stopped in mcdonalds drivethru on the way mostly because of them both being hungry and Charles making puppy eyes to Max while begging for fries. They got a diet Coce to share, Max got a cheeseburger and Charles large fries with garlic mayo. When Max heard about the mayo he groaned.

"You have to brush your teeth before you can ride me" He said in all seriousnes. Charles slapped a hand on Max' mouth.

"Omg Max be carefull. They can't hear what we are going to do later, remember it's illegal" Charles said with wide eyes.

"Oh yeah I forgot that" Max said laughing, Charles just shook his head and thought about how stupid Max could sometimes be. The rest of the drive went on smoothly they ate and sang over the songs that were on Charles' playlist. When they arrived to the Hotel there were much more paparazi than there would normally be which made Max suspicioud and drove straight to the parking hall since they didn't know if they were waiting for them or someone else.

They made their way into the hotel lobby where Max stood behind watching their luggage while Charles checked into their room. Ferrari and redbull had decided to only get one room from now on since the other one would be empty and waiste of money.

When they finally made their way to their room they ran into Pierre.

"Finally Charles I have been trying to call you for like a hundred times" Pierre said a bit of worry in his voice. Charles frowned.

"What for? has something happened?" He asked. Pierre took his phone out of his pocket and showed the picture Charles had posted on his private insta or so he thought. "What is wrong with the photo?" Charles asked clearly not understanding the situation. Pierre looked at him with wide eyes.

"You posted it on your main account and now everyone is making assuptions because of the caption" He said. Max turned to look at Charles with wide eyes.

---------------------

Well hello! I have been sick again for a while and have had no energy for writing :( I am still a bit sick and allergies are bad but hopefully you enjoy this a bit shorter chapter.

I am not sure how many more parts this story will have so please for my next story you can give me ideas.

Happy May everyone!

Max looked at Charles with wide eyes.

"Omg Charles what do we do now? I am still not ready to come out to everyone" Max said voice shaking a bit. Charles looked at him with fear in his face.

"I don't know" Charles whispered. "God Max I am so sorry, I should have checked the account twice before posting it. You must hate me now" Charles said unable to look Max in the eyes because of the guilt about what he did.

"No Charles of course I don't hate you but we have to do something about this" Max said taking Charles in his arms to prove his point and get a bit of comfort. Pierre just watched them from side untill he realised that he still hadn't told Charles one of the things he was ment to tell him.

"Should we go to your room so you could hug each other somewhere private if you don't want this to get out" Pierre suggested and the couple immediately agreed.

"So there was one more thing I needed to tell you guys but mostly Charles" Pierre said immediately after they got to the room and Charles had jumped straight to the bed now lifting his head out of curiosity.

"Oh god please be something good like Checo has a grid penalty for sunday" Charles said and Max started to laugh.

"Don't you trust yourself enough to think that you will beat him fare and square?" Max asked smiling.

"I trust myself yes, the car no" Charles said. "But Pierre tell me what is it" Charles looked at Pierre now with a demanding look.

"Well in Singapore you asked me when my new girlfriend will come to a race so she is here now" Pierre said smiling and Charles jumed out of bed.

"Oh Finally I have to see her!" Charles said now a bit too excited. Max told him to calm down and Pierre said that Charles would see 'Kika' on Friday and that made Charles even more excited.

"But I will leave you guys alone now so you can discuss about what you will do with the situation" Pierre said and walked to the door.

"Please I had already forgot that" Charles murmured but blushed at the same time. After Pierre left Max turned to look at Charles and sighed.

"It's obviously not a big deal as I told you before but what are we going to do about it because I have no clue" and just after Max had said that his phone started to ring. "It's Christian" Max said before picking up the phone. I didn't hear what Christian was sayin but I head Max answering "Yeah it was by accident.... we don't know.... in an hour.... yes I will... see you soon...." and with that Max hung up the phone and turned to look at Charles.

"So we are meeting some of mine and your media teem in an hour and after that Christian want's to take us to dinner with Geri" Max said and jumped on the bed.

"Who is Geri?" Charles asked and Max raised his eyebrows.

"Christians wife, are you a little bit stupid" Max said laughing.

"Hey I am not stupid I just forgot who Geri was" Charles protested but had to fight his smile. "But where are going with them since we can't really be seen together now..." Charles said with a sad voice.

"I don't know he didn't tell me. But I am in a desperate need of a snack do you want something" Max said while standing up and going to the mini fridge in the corner and taking some fruits out.

"Yes" Charles simply answered.

"What do you want?" Max asked

"You" Charles said in a low voice and Max quickly turned to look at him and hit his head to a cabinet.

"Ahh fuck" Max groaned. Charles rushed to his side.

"Omg did you hurt yourself? I am so sorry" Charles said half laughing.

"This is not funny" Max said and pouted but failed and started laughing.

"I will kiss it better" Charles said, went on his tippytoes and lowered Max' head so he could kiss the spot. "Better?" He asked and Max nodded.

"But you wanted me a minute ago so has it changed already" Max said in an innocent voice.

"Yeah you kinda ruined it" Charles laughed and Max openned his mouth in shock.

"No I didn't" He protested. Max quickly put the fruits on a table and pushed Charles backwards to the bed while pinning Charles' hand above his head. "Still in a mood" He asked and Charles nodded quickly. They wereliterally like horny teenagers.

After sex they were feeding each other the fruits before there was a knock in the door. Charles looked at Max with wide eyes and then his watch.

"Max we are late" He almost shouted and Max stood up quickly and ryshed to the door. "Don't open it you are naked" Charles shout whispered to him hiding his laughter.

"Who is there" Max asked.

"Well who do you think" Christian laughed.

"Give us a minute!" Max said and the rushed back to the room to get fresh clothes. Charles went to the door but didn't open it.

"Christian where are we going for dinner so I know what to wear?" Charles asked

"Wear jeans and a shirt, it's not that fancy" Christian said and Charles thanked him. After three minutes they were dressed and headed out of the room. Luckily Christian didn't ask any questions. However when we got to the meeting room Christian guided us and sat down fifteen minutes late Charles' media manager looked angry

"Charles why are you late again?" She asked "Do you understand that you bring me enough work without these accidents" She said a bit angrily untill he noticed that me and Charles came to the room together. She turned bright red and mumbled sorry. Charles was now also a bit red.

"Okay let's begin" Christian said and clapped his hands together. "Vicky do you have some solution in mind already?" Christian asked and turned to look at Max' media manager.

"Yes, I discussed about that with Mia when you were getting them from doing god knows what" She said immediately and smiled. We didn't have time to react because she started explaining. "So I think the best thing to do is nothing." I looked at Charles confused. "If we realise a statement about this or either one of you post something about this I think it will just raise suspicions. So I think we shouldn't comment anything untill you are ready to come out" She said and Charles' manager just nodded in aproovement.

"So we just do nothing for now but what about media day and do we have a schedule for that?" Charles asked clearly being not satisfied with the plan.

"Yes we have the schedule and you are both in the same press conference" Mia said smiling. Charles and Max both dropped their head to the table because of frustration.

"It was you Charles who got us in this situation so do not be a diva about it" Mia said calmly "We have a plan for the press" She added. "So we will seat you next to each other and when tey ask either one of you about it you just tell that you were in a camel trip together with Pierre and his date because there was footage of him in a desert and if they ask why Max was there you just say that you are friends and Charles didn't want to be the third wheel" Mia finished the plan.

"I think that's the best we can do" Max said and Charles nodded.

"So thank you ladies for this, I appreciate working over time because of these dummies so You can now go and relax and I will make sure boys get you good christams gifts" Christian said smiling and stood up. "And we will get some dinner now" he added and Max nodded smiling. Mia and Vicky left chatting to each other and we heard them dropping the word bag. Charles turned towards Max.

"I think we need to get them some kind of bags but I am terrible at buying things like that" Charles said and Christian laughed.

"I am sure that Geri would love to help you boys with that if you just ask her. And by the way Charles she has been so excited to see Max' new boyfriend" Christian said and Charles blushed.

"So how has Geri been" Max asked while we were walking to the restaurant in the hotel roof. Charles was a bit outsider in the conversation but he didn't mind it. He had time to think about everything that had happened and how he could be prepared for tomorrows press conference. We got to the restaurant and luckily there were not many people there. We were guided to a table in the back where Geri was sitting.

"Oh Max lovely to see you" She said and hugged Max happily, then she turned towards me "And nice to finally see you too Charles" She said and hugged me too. She made me feel warm inside. Geri was a lovely woman and we had a great evening with Christian and her. Charles' favourite moment was when she told about how she and Christian met. Max remembered to ask also about the hand bags that we needed to get out media managers. After all they had been working overtime because of us on many occasions alrady. It was almost midnight when we left back to our rooms. Charles was so tired that he almost didn't stay on his feet and Max had to caught him.

"I'm too tired" Charles mumbled in Max' arms. Max just smiled. He took all of Charles' outside clothes of and washed his face and teeth before getting him to bed. Tomorrow would be an interesting day Max tought before drifting off to sleep with Charles in his arms.

---------------------------

I havn't wrote anything for ages but finally back! Almost vacation finally and I am in a desperate need of it. Lestappen in monaco after quali was just something else<3 so happy that they are racing again this weekend. I wrote this quickly bc I wanted to get something new for you to read so this isn't very long butI willpost another chapter this week!

I have read all the comments you leave in this story and I love reading them so thank you<33

Happy summer!

Max pov:

After sleeping not that well at night it was time for the media duties of the week and the last one of the season which was a bit of a relief for me. Even tho I had won so much I was tired and needed the vacation. Me and Charles would also fly to Indonesia on wednesday. I hadn't told Charles about the trip and I wasn't planning on either. I would tell him only at the airport. Oh how much I was looking foward to the vacation together.

"Hey Max the press conference will start in five minutes" my press officer Vicky told me and woke me from my daydreams. I sighed. I just hoped that after one question about Charles' instagram post everyone would leave us alone.

When I stepped to the press conference room I noticed that only the middle seat was free and Charles sat on the right side of it. So I had no other options and sat down there. Immediately after that questions started and the first question was for Charles. What a surprise!

"So Charles we saw you had a great time yesterday with Max in the desert of dubai, so tell us a little bit about your trip" The interviwer asked. I sensed how Charles took a deep breath before starting to talk.

"So yeah, me and Max are very good friends off track and have been for a few years now. Obviously we have known each other since the karting days as you may know. We still happened to both be in Dubai yesterday and we thought that it would be a great idea to ride camels since neither of us have not done anything like that before and we had a really great time there" Charles smiled. I decided to also speak.

"Yeah and we wanted to have some fun before all the crazy fuss from the last race weekend of the year starts and I think we are both now a lot calmer" I added and the interviewer smiled and moved on to George to ask questions about his first win in f1. I was just relieved that the question was out of the way and I know that Charles was too.

Charles pov:

It was saturday afternoon and the third practice was going to start in two hours. Max had messaged me that he had something important he wanted to show me and I was excited. Maybe he had bought me some kind of gift which I would like very much. But even a kiss was a good enough gift for me. We could never be really close to each other on race weekends other than in the Hotel rooms but it was the best decicion so we could focus on driving, so it was a bit unusual for us to see each other in our hospitalitys.

I walked into the redbull hospitality and I remembered that I didn't know where his driver room at the moment was. Luckily Max was just coming down the strairs with someone.

"Hey Charles come here!" He waived at me. My eyes widened when I realised that the pearson was Jos his father. I wasn't prepaired to meet him like this for the first time. No it was a lie, I had seen him multiple times on track for almost twenty years since he was always with Max on karting tracks. I knew Jos would be in the paddock this weekend but I had been too busy to really think about it. However I had agreed to meet him when he would be around again so I couldn't just run away. Max could probably sense how nervous I was right now. We walked more to the back of the building so other people wouldn't see us, keeping in mind the rumours that were going around after the photo I accidently posted on my main account.

"So Charles dad came here and wanted to see you" Max said to me. I was still not used to the fact that Jos was okay with us being in a relationship.

"Hi Jos" I akwardly greeted him and offered my hand for him to shake it. However Jos took me in a hug which took me completely off guard. But it was nice for him to be so happy after all the raging videos of him that I had seen.

"So good to finally see you Charles" He said happily. I think I have never seen him this excited. "Max has been so happy lately and I am so happy too" He said and I blushed. We spoke for a while before Max said that he needed to go and get ready. Jos left to the garage and when I was leaving Max took my hand and pulled me back.

"You seem a bit tenste come with me" He said and took my hand. I didn't really know what he was up to. Max guided me to his driver room and locked the door so no one would walk in there while we were inside.

"I have two options for you and you can choose" Max said before continuing "either I will give you a massage or I will ride you" he said with a grin. It took me a while to realise what he meant.

"The latter I said" already desperate for Max. He started smiling and kissing me. I pulled a bit back.

"But are you sure? We have to drive in an hour?" I asked. I saw how Max was thinking about it for a brief moment but then he took his shirt off and started kissing me again. I have to say, Max is quite good at making me feel relaxed. He pushed me into his sofa and clibed on top of me after taking of my clothes. The space was a bit too tiny for riding but somehow we made it work.  We were having so much fun untill just before we were finishing there was a knock at the door.

"Max you are late!" Brad said from the other side of the door.

"Yep, I'm coming"  Max shouted.

"I will wait for you in the garage" Brad said and we heard him leaving. I had hard time trying to not laugh.

"I hope he didn't realise that you are literally coming" I said still trying to hold my laughter and Max just smiled while shaking his head.

Andrea scolded me for being late once again. He even questioned if I really wanted to get the second place in the championship which I obviously did and he knew that very well.

I guess that sex before the third practice affected Max a bit since he was only second. Or it didn't and he was just chilling now that he had no more pressure. I wasn't happy that I was over half a second slower than Checo and didn't know how it would go in the qualifying. Luckily we had a lunch break before quali so I got to relax a bit. I decided to send Max a text.

Charles: Well was it worth the pain?

Bebe<3: when we are in the last race of the season that I have already won... Yes 100%

Bebe<3: But maybe we won't do that in the early stages of the season.

Charles: Agree.

Bebe<3: What are you having for lunch, brad was mad at me for being late so now I have spinach tortellini :(

Charles: I have a protein salad... But with Ice cream :)

Bebe<3: So unfair! Can't wait for the break so we can eat pizza together every day

Charles: only a few days!

Bebe<3: Yep but have to go now good luck hopefully you will get pole<3

Charles: oh then you can drive a little slower?

Bebe<3: No way you need to just be faster than me

Charles: ....okay Good luck, I love you!

Bebe<3: Love you2

In the end I didn't get pole. In fact he would start third behind both redbulls which was a bit disappointing but everyone knew the redbulls were faster and my chance to beat Perez was only tiny. The worst part was that the margin between me and Checo was only 0,04 seconds. Because of that I stayed at the track almost till midnight with Carlos talking about the strategy and what we should do in order to beat Perez.

When I finally came back to the hotel room Max was fast asleep and I didn't want to wake him up. Luckily I had ate my dinner at the track since we knew we would have to be there quite some time so I just had to shower, brush my teeth and go to bed.

It was almost one am when I climbed on to the bed next to Max. I was absolutely bombed tired. Max woke up but only so slightly that he turned towards me and took me in his arms. It was the best feeling after a long day at track. It had been a bit up and down. Jos was nice but quali wasn't. I decided to say a final prayer to my dad, Jules and Anthoine before going to sleep. They were probably all rooting for me. I thought about how much my dad had sacreficed for me to be able to race and how much support Jules and Antoihe had given for me through out my whole life. I wante to win but obviously couldn't do that this year so I wanted to do the best that was possible. Next year I would aim for the win as always.(cries in 2023)

*** race time***

Max had told me hundred times that he was still proud of me even if I wouldn't finnish second in the championship but we both knew that I didn't care about anyone else bening proud of me. Or almost anyone but I needed to prove myself that I could do this and that's probably why my heart rate was higher than normal in the formation lap. I was scared honestly. I knew that I would be either second or third. It felt like the time stopped when we were witing for the lights to go out. I sat there waiting for what felt like hours when in reality it was only like 20 seconds.  At the start I couldn't get past Checo. I was disappointed but not losing my hope. We had in my oppinnion a great strategy and I knew what I had to do in order fot it to work. I couldn't let the redbulls get too far ahead. After me and both redbulls had pitted I was still third but we would push Checo to do another stop. In that way we would get past him and I would have to push like hell and try to keep him behind me for the rest of the race.

And it worked. It was super tight at the end but I managed to keep him behind me. In the end he was only one second behind me crossing the finish line but the only thing that mattered was the fact that I was second and I had done what I could do. After the race I heard that when Checo was lapping Pierre he had been keeping him behin. I was gratefull for my best friend and happy.

We did some donuts to celebrate the end of the season. I teared up a bit when I saw Seb making his godbye donuts. He was my first Ferrari team mate and he taught me many things. For him I would also be grateful forever. In the podium I smiled happily and we sprayed champagne. The party would only start from here.

----------------------------

Well I got depressed all over again... What the hell was yesterdays race for Ferrari?!

ps. This story doesn't end here!

Charles pov:

After the race and last interviews me and Max made our way seperately to our hotel to shower and to get changed. We would be heading out to party asap. I would join some random party Max and his friends had organized and I think almost every driver would be there since the Dutch people were known to hold great partys. I had had barely any time to think about my second place and it came to my mind when we were in the shower and Max whispered to me:

"I am so proud of you! Next year you will win, but now we will celebrate us" Max said and started kissing my neck. It felt so good, like Max always felt.

"I love you and am so proud of you too" I said and lifted my other leg so I could wrap it around his waist. Max looked at me with a grin.

"Are you sure you want to be late again. I don't mind but we can do this later" He said grinning widely and I could feel how he was getting hard.

"It's your party so we can be as late as we want" I said before I started kissing him passionately. Max kissed me back and lifted me into his arms. My back was against the wall, my hands were in his hair. The warm water was falling down on my face, it felt so good to just be here and not having to think anything else than the feeling of wanting Max. Suddenly I could feel Max' finger in my hole. I hissed slighlty but got used to the feeling quickly as we were still almost trying to eat each others faces. The second and third finger felt like nothing and I was ready for Max.

Max carefully put me down but after that roughly turned me around and placed his hands on my waist. The feeling of his hands alone made me moan but the feeling when he slided inside me was something I would never want to forget. My hands were against the steamy glass wall so I wouldn't fall.

"Ahh Maxy" I moaned even louder. It just felt so good to be eased after a long and tiring race. "You feel too good" I moaned but then Max stopped moving. I turned my head to see what he was doing but before I could say anything he thrusted inside with full force and I thought my brain would explode.

"I will fuck you so hard that you won't be able to sit for the rest of the night" Max said with low voice. Only hearing his voice could make me come if I didn't try to keep it in for a little.

"Yes please" I said my voice barely understandable. Max started thrusting hard and fast. I couldn't help the voices that escaped my mouth anymore. "I won't last long" I mumbled and could feel how Max' hand creeped around my dick and he started stroking it. "Maxx" I moaned "I'm coming" and five seconds after I had said that I could feel Max coming while I came. He moaned my name loudly. My brain felt light and my legs almost failed under me, luckily Max caught me before I fell.

"Fuck that was so good" I mumbled and kissed him.

"We should do this more often" Max laughed and I nodded. We cleaned each other and went to change our clother so we would be party ready. We made our way to the party with a taxi since we would both probably be drinking heavily. Some people teased us for being late again but I certanly didn't care since the sex had been amazing. Later in the evening I was chatting with Joris and some other of my friends when Max walked to us. The party was going in full speed so not many payed atention to this.

"Can I take a photo of you?" Max asked me. I wanted to post a picture on my instagram that was not racing related so I agreed.

"You look so hot" Max said with eyes sparkling. It made me blush heavily.

"So how should I pose?" I asked Max.

"Do I look like someone who is good at model poses?" Max asked me laughing and I smiled.

"To me yes you look like that" I said smiling. The photo turned out better than expected and Max was actually a good photographer and gave me a couple of good pose ideas. Joris was just smiling beside me.

I posted the photo on my instagram after Max had sent it to me and we continued drinking and partying. At some point I was dancing wildly with Carlos and Fernando and in the next moment I was singing seniorita at stage with George untill Toto (who I had no idea why he was in Max' party) came to the stage, took George's mickrophone and started singing with me. The last moment I remember from the party was when Mas was holding a big champange bottle in the air with people cheering. I took a photo of him and posted it on my instagram story. I was meant to post it on my main account but in my drunken state luckily I 'accidentally' posted it on my friends and family account.

It was almost five in the morning when me and Max were making our way back to the hotel in a Taxi with wet clothes since he had decided that it would be a good idea to jump into the see. After that not so drunk Christian had guided us into a taxi where Max was now sleeping while he was leaning his body to mine. My legs hurted since I really didn't want to sit long perioids. I stayed barely awake and had to wake Max up at our hotel because I wouldn't be able to carry him to our room. We fell asleep immeadiately too drunk and tired to think about what tomorrow would hold.

Max pov:

I woke up to a horrible feeling. I didn't want to open my eyes since my head hurted so badly. I groaned and tried to turn around so I could continue sleeping but something was holding me back. Or rather someone. I heard Charles snooring on top of me. When I finally got my eyes open I grabed my phone from the nightstand and looked at the time. It was just few minutes over midday so I decided to wake Charles up mainly because I wanted to get water and aspirin. I gently kissed his head and ruffled his hair. Charles started to move and groaned.

"Everything hurts" He mumbled and climbed closer to me. I chuckled.

"Can you please get off of me, I want to get water and painkillers" I said with a quiet and sweet voice. I knew that Charles could be very grumpy in the mornings so I tried to avoid him huffing at me. Luckily Charles moved away so I could get up. Right when I stood up I felt the vomit coming and rushed to the bathroom. Luckily the toilet seat was up so I made it to the toilet. It felt much better when I had trown up.

"Max are you okay" Charles called me sounding a bit worried but mostly still half asleep.

"Yes I'm fine" I said, flushed the toilet, grabed the painkillers and filled two glasses with water. I made my way back to the bed and gave Charles the other glass and two painkillers. He thanked me before drowning them.

"Remind me to never drink that much ever again" He murmured head buried in the pillow. I just laughed. I too had been drinking way too much and thought that it was enough for the next couple of weeks.

"I don't want to go outside to eat. Should I order us breakfast?" I asked charles who happily agreed. I ordered us a lot of fresh tings along with some pastries which I knew Charles liked. Because of the hangover we spent the whole day in our hotel room or in the private pool outside. We were not sheduled for the after season tyre testing so tomorrow we would leave for Bali. I had been waiting for the trip so long and it had been so hard keeping it hidden from Charles. Charles thought that we would be leaving to Monaco in the morning so we packed our bags and went to bed early.

third person pov:

It was seven am when Max woke Charles up with kisses all over his face. Charles who wasn't ready to get up this early just groaned and buried his head in the pillow. Max chuckled.

"Charlie we need to get up or we miss our flight to freedom" Max laughed when Charles had stuck up his middle finger for Max.

"Fineee" Charles groaned and rolled out of the bed falling to the ground with a loud bang. Max couldn't keep his laughter inside and soon Charles joined him. They brushed their teeth, packed the last few things and headed to check out of the hotel before going to the airport. Since it was an early morning there were zero to none people in the hotel lobby so they could get to a taxi quickly. Max had suggested that they would eat breakfast at the airport lounge and Charles agreed. Max was thinking what would be the best moment to reveal Charles where they were actually going and decided that over the breakfast would be the perfect time.

Taxi ride to the airport was short and spent in a comfortable silence. Untill Max remembered something he had forgotten to thank Charles for.

"Hey the seacret santa present was quite good! Thanks for that" He said turning to look at Charles who was scrolling thru instagram. he quickly closed his phone and turned to look at Max.

"Glad you liked it. I had already decided what to get you for christamas so I had to think something simple for that" Charlse chuckled.

"Yeah, what did you get and who was your seacret santa?" Max asked now curious.

"Zhou got me a tea set. It's very pretty and I didn't have one so now I can make us some Chinese tea" Charles said after having to think what he had gotten for a while. The taxi driver slowed down and they noticed the airport in front of them already.

"Can you check in my bags I have to pee really badly" Charles asked when they got inside.

"Sure if you can't wait for few minutes" Max laughed looking at Charles who couldn't stand still anymore. "But didn't you pee in the hotel?" Max asked.

"No I forgot, thank you" Charles said and rushed towards the bathrooms while Max went to drop their bags before they headed to the lounge together. They gathered enough delicious food on their plates and went to sit in a corner booth so people wouldn't recognice them.

"So in what time are we landing in Nice so I can get someone to collect us from the airport" Charles asked scrolling thru his whatsapp conversations to figure out who was in town.

"About that... I have a surprise for you" Max said now smiling brightly. Charles looked up from his phone looking confused. "We aren't going to Monaco" Max said and Charles' mouth fell open.

"What? Was our flight cancelled or where are we going?" Charles asked now really confused.

"We are going to Bali! I booked us a surprise trip" Max said happily and noticed how Charles' eyes started to sparkle.

"Really!?" Charles asked looking so happy.

"Yes really! I wanted us to be able to relax properly after the season so we are going to do that now" Max said.

"Oh I love you so much, thank you thank you Maxy" Charles said excitedly. He got up sat next to Max hugged him tightly and gave him a kiss. "This is the best surprise ever! When did you even plan this?" Charles asked still holding Max.

"Before Singapore" Max answered. "I had to ask Arthur about your calendar so that you were free" he said.

"I am so happy but I definitely didn't pack enough clothes" Charles said laughing.

"Don't worry I packed some extras for you too" Max told Charles and gave him another kiss before they remembered that they were in public and broke apart. After eating their food Max and Charles made their way towards the gate just before the boarding started. Let the vacation begin!

-------------------------

Well... this took longer than expected. I have finished my schoolwork (finally) and worked in my job so I have been really tired, but the real vacation starts now! This book is almost coming to an end and I can't believe how many of you have been reading this and I am so thankfull for that<3.

Max pov:

We had an amazing holiday in Indonesia. Charles and I had finally time to relax properly without having to eat healthy food and train constantly. We swam a lot, saw dolphins and other animals and actually swam with them. It was the best holiday I had ever had, but after two weeks it just being the two of us alone it was nice to go back to our families. We had agreed to spend Christmas together in Monaco with both of our families.

"So have you bought any presents yet?" Charles asked me while we were in the middle of a movie while flying home on my jet.

"Nope not yet" I said shaking my head. It was a lie. I had bought Charles' present but didn't want to tell him that. I knew if he knew that I had something for him he would start to question me and I was terrible at keeping gifts a seacret.

"Should we go shopping when we're back in Monaco, since I have not bought anything yet" Charles asked. I agreed and we went back to watch the movie which was the grinch. I ended up falling asleep before the movie ended. We had had a long travel from Bali to dubai where we had a layover and switched from commerical flight to my jet. It was around 4pm when we landed in Nice.

"So who is picking us up?" I asked Charles while we were walking towards his car. Before Charles could answer I saw Arthur getting out of the car and running to us. Charles immediately took him in a long hug.

"How was your holiday?" Arthur asked and picked up Charles' luggage.

"It was perfect!" Charles said and turned towards me and gave me a kiss.

"Oh you look like you just came back from your honeymoon or something" Arthur chuckled.

"Well first we'd have to get married" I said smiling and sat on the backseat. To my surprise Charles came to sit with me on the back.

"Mom would be so happy if she had the chance to organize your wedding" Arthur said happily and Charles agreed. I felt a little movement in my stomach and it was not because I was hungry.

"So where will I drive you?" Arthur questioned and I turned to look at Charles.

"To Max' house" Charles said and Arthur nodded. After that me and Arthur talked but Charles fell asleep on my shoulder, it had been a long travel day.

---- Christmas day ----

I was trying to decide what to wear while Charles was taking a shower. I was always so bad at deciding what to wear so I gave up and decided that Charles probably would want to help me anyway and question my choises. Instead I went to pack all the gifts into a big ikea bag since our Chrismas dinner would contain both of our familys and we had a lot of presents. Some of the presents we had dropped off to Charles' moms house the day before since Luka and Lio would get kinda big presents from us. Yes we had decided to buy presents together for everyone because two brains had better ideas and two wallets saved money for both not that it mattered.

"Max why are you almost naked, we have to leave soon" Charles asked me laughing.

"Well I was waiting for you to come and tell me what to wear" I said blushing. Charles' eyes lit up and he sprinted to now our closet. Charles had basically moved in with me after we came back from our holiday. He was so happy that he got to choose my outfit. He picked us a matching outfits. We had decided that today was the formal dinner and tomorrow we would dress up in our funniest christmas sweaters.

It was around three pm when we made it to Pascales house. We were the last ones to arrive.

"Last ones again! What were you even doing?" Victoria asked when he came to greet us.

"This time it was Max' fault" Charles said in a loud enough voice so everyone could hear him. I rolled my eyes. "Max had lost one of the presents and spent twenty minutes looking for it and then finding it out of his pocket" Charles continued and everyone laughed.

Luka and Lio ran towards us from the kitchen and clung onto my legs so it was pretty hard to walk. We were there just in time for a Trivia game since it was little ones nap time before dinner. We drew the teams. I was with Lorenzo, Tom and Carla. Charles was with Jos and Victoria, The last team was Pacale, Sophie and Arthur. Obviously my team won and Charles' lost which he was so mad about. After that we ate dinner and at the end of it I disappeared since I had to dress up as santa for the little boys. It was safe to say that they loved the santa and didn't even notice that I was gone. After santa gave his presents for the boys and after we made our self comfortable on the living room to excange our gifts. It was so much fun since we decided to give one at a time so we could get good reactions and see what everyone got. At times I nervously checked if I had the box in my pocket.

Charles was so happy when he got new headphones from my mom. One night I was on a videocall with her and Charles had came to the room angrily after searching the entire house but not finding them. Luka loved the little ferrari car that we bought for him. Charles had demanded that it had to be ferrari. It was the type of car where he could sit inside and drive it. Lio on the other hand got a fireman toy from Pascale and it ended up being his absolute favourite one. My favourite one was a painting Charles had bought me to hang up to now our home.

When all the gifst had been given I could see that Charles was a bit sad that I hadn't given him anything but he didn't mention anything before my mom spoke up.

"Max did you forget your gift for Charles or have you already given him something?" She asked me. I shook my head.

"No I didn't forget" I said and stood up Grabing Charles' hands so he would stand up with me.

"Charles" I began and my voice was shaking a bit since I was so nervous. I could see how Carlas eyes were wide and she covered her mouth with her hands. I looked back to Charles' eyes. "We have known each other for years but we really began to be friends only last year. Sometimes I think back and think how we could have been something more for so many years already if we had just tried to get along. I would have realised sooner how much I love you. I love spending all my time with you. I love waking up in the morning when you still sleep, and I love even more when you wake up and I can look at your beautiful green eyes." At this point everyone had realised where this was going and I could see some tears in Charles' eyes.

"Even tho everything isn't always easy and rose coloured I want to spend the rest of my life with you and only you and I want to tell everyone that I love you and that we are together. I am so proud of you and will always be. I know your dad is not with us anymore so I couldn't ask him for your hand so I asked your mom who started crying out of happines and told me that Herve would have loved to see you so happy that you are with me, so with that I ask you..." I went down on one knee and openned a small box that I took out of my pocket. I heard few ghaspes.

"Will you marry me?"

"Yes! I will" Charles said now fully crying. Everyone started cheering and I put the ring on his finger got up and kissed him in front of everyone. Charles hugged me tightly and whispered:

"I am so happy that I could explode. I love you". I had some tears on my eyes and after we broke apart everyone was hugging us. Our moms were crying and hugging each other. Even my dad was crying. The only ones that didn't cry were Luka and Lio who looked confused.

"Max, waarom huilt iedereen?"(Max, why is everyone crying)Luka asked confused.

"Omdat ik en Charles gaan trouwen"(Because me and Charles are getting married)I said smiling. I could see how Lio and Luka started smiling brightly and Lio ran towards Charles and grabed his leg.

"Charles, mag ik naar je bruiloft komen?"(Charles can I come to your wedding?)Lio asked and Charles laughed while picking him up.

"Ofcourse you can. You can be a flowerboy" He said laughing and smiling so brightly that the starst had nothing on him.

We celebrated the whole evening before Luka started crying out of tiredness and we all decided to head home and hotels so we could get some well earned sleep before tomorrows movies and sweaters.

I was driving Charles' Ferrari down the streets and holding his hand. Bruno Mars Marry you started playing on the radio and Charles started to sing along.

"Is it the look in your eyes or is it this dancing juice? Who cares baby I think I wanna marry you" We sang the whole song and after we got to our house I picked Charles up and carried him bridal style up the stairs. I put him down on the couch and immediately Jimmy and Sassy came to us.

"Do you like the ring?" I asked.

"I love it" Charles said smiling. "But did you mean it when you said that you wanted to tell everyone that we're together" Charles asked and I smiled.

"Yes I did and we can tell everyone when you want" I said.

"How about we tell them now?" Charles asked shyly.

"If that's what you want then we can tell everyone now" I said and kissed Charles and after that we started deciding what pictures we should post. We both made our own posts on instagram.

"Together on and off track. Today he asked me to marry him and I said yes! I love you and I am your biggest supporter<3"

"Today we raised a toast to us, can't wait to see what the future will hold for us I will always love you<3"

We posted the pictures and went to take a shower together so in the mean time world could go crazy but we would just get to be in peace. After that we had quite some engagement sex.

We were lying in bed and Charles turned to look at me. "You gave me a beautiful speech today so now it's my turn to give you one that I have not prepared at all" He said and I smiled brightly.

"Max I don't know how I managed to get someone as kind and loving and perfect like you but I did and I am so happy about it. I couldn't ask for anything more. Ten years ago when we were racing against each other I couldn't even imagine that now ten years later I could call you my fiancé or that I would get married to a guy for that matter but I wouldn't change anything. You were always there for me and for that I am forever gratefull.I never knew I needed you, untill now. I love you"

---------------------

So that was it. (I am crying) I didn't write this last chapter sooner because I didn't want this story to end. It has been an emotional rollercoaster for me and I am so gratefull for each and everyone of you that has read my story. This has almost 90k reads and I can't belive it. I will take a break from writing but will definitely be back once I know what I want my next story to be but it will probably be an f1 bxb story. School starts next week and I am not ready for my vacation to be over. But so happy for Pierre and Charles! Amazing results in spa for Anthoine<3

I have published a new story! Go check it out <3

