Hello folks. This is my first attempt at writing virtually anything, and I (sanely) decided to crash land on this insane ship in the middle of nowhere. I am lazy, I procrastinate, and will do literally anything to avoid writing.

Your views, likes, and comments will keep this story going, so please keep pushing me.

Fasten your seatbelts, the angst ride has just begun.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As always, whenever Shubman sat down to watch Netflix, he spent 30 minutes scrolling endlessly, without a thought in mind and a show in his heart. He vaguely remembered Nisha trying to coax him into watching some show about goblins with swords and brides, but he was too focused on trying to listen to the interviewer on the television trying to joke with Tilak and Ishu and failing to light up his best friend's face in a way only Shubman could.

Sorry.

Ex-bestfriend.

Sorry.

Ex.

The thought still made a fist and squeezed his heart - how life had suddenly gone from technicolor to an overcast grey 8 months ago, how they had suddenly gone from being best friends to something more to....

Nothing.

Shaking his head to get himself out of those thoughts, he opened his mouth to shout for Shahneel to ask for a show recommendation, when Shahneel barged in, with eyes wild and damp and a hand over her mouth.

Shubman had never seen his sister so distressed. He was out of his seat in seconds, grabbing a hold of her and asking, "What, Di? What's the matter?"

"Its, its..."

"Di, calm down. Breathe, please. Do you want some water?"

"No, its..."

"Tell me what's wrong. Now."

At that, Shahneel looked into the eyes of her brother she loved more than anything and closed her eyes in the face of the news she was about to give.

"Di, you are scaring me. Tell me what has happened."

Shahneel could not say a word, for fear of giving way to sobs threatening to break through. She handed him her phone, and waited.

Shubman, still with one hand on his sister to steady her, adjusted the phone and read the words on the screen.

E0768 - Mumbai Patna Flight Crash - No Survivors Reported

Thank you for the overwhelming response to the first chapter. I am quite new to Wattpad (as a writer) so if I do not reply to a comment or do anything that is out of the norm, it is due to ignorance and not cruelty (please feel free to educate me in the comments). A few things:

This will not be a quick story - it is a very long, very slow-burn romantic story.

I have put a mature rating, but it will not come to fruition for a long time, so be patient. Hope you enjoy this next chapter.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman's world turned black.

When he came to, he found he was sitting on a chair, his sister looking down at him with tears in her eyes, and his mother holding what looked like an ice pack.

"What happened?"

His mother just handed him the ice pack and motioned for him to put it on the back of his head, where, now that he thought about it, a dull, throbbing pain was growing.

"You fell, Shubi. The news.."

All at once, the last few moments of his life flashed before his eyes and he wished he had stayed unconscious.

Patna flight.

Ishu...

Dear god, please no. Anything else but this, Shubman prayed with his eyes closed, willing for the last few minutes of his life to have been a dream, the most horrible dream he could have conjured.

A few tears leaked out, and when he opened his eyes and faced his sister, eyes red-rimmed and full of pain, Shahneel knew her baby brother would never be the same again.

Steeling herself, she took hold of his shoulders, looked him square in the eyes, and said,

"Shubi, be strong. It's just one piece of news. There have been no new reports yet. You know how the media is. He might not even be on the flight."

At that, Shubman quickly wiped the tears from his eyes, cleared his throat from the onslaught of sobs that he was sure were on his way up, and sat up.

"You're right, you're right. I just...."

Shahneel quickly gathered her brother in her arms, and their mother quickly enveloped both her children in a hug, not knowing how else to comfort them.

Shubman tried recalling the last time he saw Ishan, the last time they spoke. He tried to really stress his memory, but there was no quick recollection. All he remembered was the tired smile Ishan had bestowed upon Rohit bhai in return for a pat on the head, and that was it.

Shubman's breathing sped up, and he kept struggling to remember the last time he had heard the voice he longed to hear just once.

Just once, he thought. Dear god, please let me not have lost him.

A sob broke out of him then, which echoed in the quiet of the house and sent a shiver up the spine of the walls.

"Shubi, stop. You know what you have to do."

Shubman knew it, but did not know if he had the strength to go through with it.

He picked up his phone from the stand with shaking fingers, and dialed the one person he knew would feed him no bullshit.

When the person on the other end picked up, Shubman could do nothing more than bawl his name,

"Virat bhai."

Thousands of kilometers away, in a hospital room that currently had more security officers than doctors, two exhausted people were trying to moonlight as PR specialists, trying to cover as much damage as they could.

Virat and Rohit, or Virat bhai and Rohit bhai, as they were known to the team, or Ambulance #1 and Ambulance #2 (the ranks kept changing based on situations), as they were secretly known in the BCCI internal meetings, were currently aware of three things:

The cricket team did not need a repeat of the Rishabh fiasco.

They should not be looking at, or talking to, any member of their team, lest they break down into ugly sobs (a tried and tested experiment by Ambulance #1 and Ambulance #2).

Their collective BP was surely crossing 200 at this rate.

After what happened with Rishabh, the team had been extra careful, extra sensitive, extra affectionate, even. Rohit knew this, and saw it in the way everyone checked up on their teammates after the end of every series, with a litany of "Kaha pahuche, Miyan?" and "See you Motherfathers" in the WhatsApp groups. Virat experienced it, more than saw it, the change that had occurred inside him, the paternal urge to shield his team from every danger, every accident.....every heartbreak.

This, though, he thought, is something even he cannot heal.

He was just about to walk out of the room and talk to the attending doctor, when his phone rang. He was in no mood or mind to talk to anyone about what had happened, but even he stopped for a second when he saw the name on the screen.

Shubi.

Virat was sure that more than his own kids, these brats were turning his hair grey. He looked at Rohit, who looked just as resigned as he felt.

Shubi, Virat mouthed.

Rohit was instantly on guard. Virat knew what must be going on in his mind, having witnessed the same thing he had.

Making up his mind, Virat took a deep breath and picked up the phone.

"Virat bhai.."

Grey hair, Virat thought, as he heard the anguish on the other end of the phone, tears coming to his eyes, unbidden. (Damn you, rule #2)

He hated it, sometimes, being the bearer of bad news, the shoulder to cry on, the voice to look up to, but heavy was the head that wore the crown, and he would never leave Rohit to deal with it alone.

Besides, Shubi was sure to reach out to him, their legacies bringing them closer.

Still, he could not help but look up, wondering what the almighty had in store for this brat.

He cleared his throat, and before Shubi could break down any further, said,

"He's alive."

The shuddering gasps and sobs he heard on the other side brought a fresh batch of tears to his eyes, but he carried on, for the sake of everyone in the room and the idiot far, far away.

"He's alive, but it's not looking good, okay? I need you to be calm right, can you do that? We are getting Ishan the best care possible; Rohit is here, and Ishan's parents will be here soon. I need you to calm down, because we have braved so much more before, but we are stronger together, arent we, brat?"

Virat could not hear anything other than jumbled words and choked sobs, but Virat was nothing if not patient.

Eventually, he could hear Shubman's sobs subside.

"I'll be there on the —"

"No."

" — next flight. What?"

"I said no."

"I need to see him, I am coming down there and nothing you can say will stop me. Virat bhai —"

"Would he want to see you?"

Virat knew he had hurt Shubman the second he said it, but after what he had witnessed, he knew they all had to tread carefully.

The silence on the other end spoke volumes, but Virat was Shubi's go-to person for a reason. He knew the road ahead was going to be difficult, but he also knew Shubman now had a chance to prove Virat wrong, to show him that the brat had indeed grown up.

He took a deep breath, and spoke with a deadly calmness.

"Hurry here, but I will be the first person you see."

And now, Virat waited.

I know all of you are waiting for the grand milan, but please give me time. I know I am building the story up quite a lot, but as this is my first time writing anything (ever), I want to expand my writing horizons and understand my style. Thank you for your patience.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you asked Shubman how he reached Mumbai, he would not be able to recount a single moment of his journey. All he remembered was the fearful look in his sister's eyes as she put a jacket on him and handed him his backpack, the cacophony of noises that seemed to come from a place far, far away, and the eventual dread that sat like lead in his stomach.

He felt like a machine on autopilot, watching life happen to other people. He walked in a haze, surrounded by people going about their lives, while his was concurrently locked in his throat and on a hospital bed somewhere, thousands of miles away (that sobered him up quickly for a moment, but he quickly shoved the thought in the back of his mind, intent on taking it out for further inspection when his life didn't hang in the balance).

He was numb, but he felt to close to breaking, and he was unsure what he would do once the dam broke. He needed his support, and his Shahneel di was perfectly willing to come with him, but he remembered the vehement 'No!' he had responded with, knowing perfectly well that this journey, this torture was his and his alone, and he would walk it alone.

He landed at the airport, and was about to walk out when a hand on his shoulders lifted him out of his haze.

It was Sonu, Virat bhai's bodyguard who had come to pick him up.

Something loosened in Shubman's chest at the gesture, something that had gotten stuck since Virat's "I will be the first person you see"; Shubman was glad to know his Virat bhai was thinking about him, because lord knows how he looked, and the media frenzy at the hospital would be worse.

He gave a tiny nod to Sonu, who took one look at him, muttered something in his walkie, and hauled him into the car standing nearby.

When they reached the hospital, Shubman wrenched the car door open even before the car came to a stop and jumped out. He raced ahead of Sonu, who had a hard time keeping the cricketer in his line of sight, as Shubman was determined to find his Ishan. When he reached the room, he barged in, uncaring how it looked the security or the cricket management or the throng of doctors outside.

And stopped short.

Virat bhai and Rohit bhai were sitting on identical chairs in what Shubman presumed was the living room of the hospital suite.

They both looked haggard and bone-tired, and Shubman could relate, as he felt the weight of the world on his shoulders. When they looked up to see who had entered the room, their expressions quickly changed from tired to alarmed to pity.

Shubman was on guard, instantly.

"Virat bhai, what...."

Shubman moved forward to open the door to the bed-room, but one look from Virat bhai, and his steps came to a halt.

"Stop. Sit."

Shubman was used to dealing with a lot of Virat bhai's expressions - anger, irritation, exasperation - this determined look was new.

He wanted to open his mouth and argue. Ishan was just on the opposite side of the door; he wanted to see him, feel his heartbeat underneath his fingers, and see that he was okay with his own two eyes.

But something in Virat's eyes stopped him. His eyes looked haunted, a look that was reflected in Rohit bhai's eyes.

Rohit bhai, who said, "Virat, should we..."

But Virat bhai shut him up with the same look, which made Shubman promptly sit on the nearest chair.

"His condition has not changed. Only a few people are allowed inside. His parents will be here by this evening."

"Alright, but Virat bhai..."

"Did I say you could talk?"

"Virat, let the poor child breathe."

"Rohit, shush. You (this, pointing at Shubman) listen to me very carefully. That boy there has been through hell, and it has just begun. Are you listening?"

Shubman could only nod, the collective warning in both Virat and Rohit's eyes putting him on edge. What had happened?

"I don't know what exactly transpired between you two, and I will not ask. You have a decision to make here. If you step foot inside that room, you are going to be a part of his life, not whatever you have been these past few months. It is not an easy decision to be taken. If you want no part in it, you can go back with none the wiser. We will take care of everything. We will take care of Ishan, because you are my family, but so is he. But if you stay, you stay. You do not leave him behind.

I don't know what exactly happened, but you at least deserve to know the entire story before you make your decision.

The doctor told us that the paramedic on the scene saw Ishan hauling another man out, without a care about his own life. He saved the man's life, but kept refusing the ventilation mask and tried to go back into the burning plane to save more. The most chilling thing, the paramedic said, was the anguish in Ishan's eyes, as if he was blaming the paramedic for saving him.

When we reached the hospital, Ishan was already unconscious because of multiple burns and lacerations, but he did open his eyes once, and both me and Rohit saw the utter lack of life in his eyes, and it damn nearly broke us. Our Ishan, who could not go a second without laughing, lay there, broken.

I recognized the agonized look in his eyes, because I had been seeing it these past few months.

He came to me, a few months ago, with the same lifeless look in his eyes, and asked me to train him, day in and day out, to become so focused that he forgot about everything else. I gladly took him under my wing, but what I did not know was that he did not want to forget everything, he wanted to forget you - just you."

A choked sob brought Virat's monologue to a halt, and he paused to see Shubman, the one-half of the amar-prem duo of ICT, struggling to breathe, while tears ran down his cheeks, never stopping, never-ending. He felt pity for the man sitting in front of him, but he also knew that he needed to know the truth, before he took a decision that had far-fetching consequences. He looked at Rohit, who was now gathering Shubman in his arms, and comforting him with back rubs.

After the sobs had subsided, Rohit slowly took hold of Shubman's shoulders, cleared his throat, and said,

"There is something else you should know, Shubi. I have been observing Ishan these past couple of months, because I knew there had been some reason as to why you did not hang out as much, or get up to some mischief as you did before. Shubi, it's...."

"What, Rohit bhai, what is it?" asked a teary-eyed Shubman.

"He actively avoids you, or anything to do with you. He won't listen to any of your interviews, will listen to your voice, or stay in your vicinity for a maximum of two minutes before he excuses himself. On multiple occasions, I saw him down a glass of alcohol quickly when you arrived. I think..."

"Whatever happened between you, we are sure he cannot stand to be near you." boomed Virat's voice from the other end of the room.

When Shubi looked up from Rohit arms into Virat's eyes, he found a world of sympathy in those eyes, but Virat continued, unperturbed,

"You have got to make a decision here, Shubi. Whatever it is that happened, now is a chance for you to move past it. I don't promise things will be easy, but if he is important to you, go through that door. If not, he won't know you were here and everyone will go on about their lives. The decision is yours."

And what could Shubman say to that?

I am so, so sorry for the hiatus. My partner surprised me with a visit, so I was unable to write. Hope you like this part.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Flashback:

Oct, 2019.

Whenever an ODI series is going well, Shubman thought, a jinx is not far behind. Be it an injured player, a controversy, or a new meme - there is always something or the other, just waiting to eclipse the team, which usually resulted in a team bonding activity or worse, a series of lectures from Rohit bhai, the coaches, or a management expert (Shubi could handle everything, but the lecture series reminded him too much of the corporate world outside cricket, where employees were crammed in a dimly lit office, working as a hive of bees. The image still brought him shivers).

This time, it was one of those rare occurrences that no one could predict - a new trend had emerged, where people wore masks of ICT members and played out a hilarious (or sometimes, downright demeaning) play-act. Some people, like Rohit bhai, commented on it in his 'Mumbaiyya' style, whichelicited some chuckles, while some went on a rant about how social media was the bane of all existence and how everyone should just concentrate on the game ahead (this, from KD bhai). Shubman - even though he showed nothing outward - was constantly worried about all this impacting his performance; he knew he had a problem - he always had a problem with letting things go and this time was no different. He knew his constant mulling over it only made his performance worse, and everyone could see it in the nets. He just hoped Rohit bhai would not bench him because of it (there he went again, overthinking!).

He was sitting in the leisure room of the academy while worrying about all of this, when a sudden commotion brought him out of his thoughts. He looked towards the door, where a crowd had gathered. Confused, he started walking toward the crowd, when a sudden booming laugh caught his attention.

The crowd parted, and the personresponsiblefor the laugh appeared in his field of vision.

Shubman stood dumbfounded, because in front of him stood two people, dressed (somewhat shabbily) in what he assumed were Raavan and Naarad costumes.

Not any people, but the jokesters of ICT - Ishan and Surya bhai.

Ishan was dressed in clothes Shubman assumed were rented (he hoped) from Ramleela naatak mandali, black silk with gold border. He wore a lot of jewelry and sported a hilarious moustache too big for his face, but the most remarkable thing was the mukut (crown) on his head, which he had to keep adjusting as it was a tad too big for him. Coupled with a sword in another hand, he looked every inch the Raavan from naatak mandali shows that Shubman used to frequent (albeit a more hilarious one).

Surya bhai was dressed in a simple saffron-colored dhoti (loincloth) with a matching dupatta, lots of tilak and tikas (sandalwood marks ) on his body,khartal (musical instrument) and the veena in his hands.

And then they opened their mouths.

"Kaa ho Naradwa, hum ee kaha pohoch gaye?"

(O Naarad, where have we reached?)

"Humka khabar naahi Raavan, par tohaar sang hai toh jaroor paatal hi hoga.)

(I have no idea Raavan, but if I am with you, it has to be hell.)

At this, Raavan tried to hit Naarad, but between hitting him and trying to adjust his too-big-for-his-head crown, Ishan ended up boinking his own nose, which created peals of laughter throughout the room.

The coaches, used to their antics, just smiled and let them be. The team, on the other hand, was fully entertained, and was constantly trying to undo the knots of Surya bhai's dhoti or yank Ishu's fake moustache, which took up half his face.

Weird, Shubman thought, how just a moment ago he thought he would be crushed under the weight of the world, and here was his Atlas, holding up the world for him (although he would drop it in a second to save his dhoti from slipping down).

When Ishan looked away from Tilak, who was now trying to pose using his sword, he found Shubman alternating between laughing and gasping for breath.

He found his steps turning automatically towards his best friend, who had not stopped smiling since he entered the room. He stood in front of Shubman, with a hand on his waist, and said,

"Ee kaunsa battessi hai, itna chamchamata hua?"

(What are these shining sets of teeth?)

At this, Shubman busted out laughing, his hand automatically going to Ishan's waist to steady himself.

"Whatever are you wearing Ishu? Did you finally decide cricket wasn't for you and decided to try for Bollywood instead? And what even is that horrible accent?"

"Just trying to boost the team's morale. You, especially, I know, are constantly thinking about those ridiculous skits on social media. So I thought, why not? Also, I make a handsome Raavan, don't you think?"

"You look like an idiot."

"Yes, but I am your idiot and you looooooove me."

This, was said with exaggerated smooching sounds, which only added to the hilarity of the situation.

One minute they were bickering, and the next, they promptly burst out laughing.

As Ishan kept laughing, Shubman had a sudden recollection of a cute child he had seen on one of his trips back home. The child, carefree and innocent, kept laughingunabashedly, and for a few moments, Shubman felt like all was right in the world.

Deja vu, he thought, looking at his best friend laughing like he had no worries of the world.

Beautiful, he thought next.

Uh oh.

Present:

The hospital room was bathed in glowy, warm lights, but that did not make Shubman forget why he was there. They did nothing to lessen the ache in his chest as he saw his best friend, his Ishu, lying on the bed, with none of the smiles that he had always graced him with, just a thousand tubes attached to him and a sickly pallor that Shubman was quickly matching.

He wished the ground would swallow him, or that his heart would finally burst with the way it was beating, but he wished for one thing the most - for Ishan to wake up - to scold him, beat him, call him names - but just, once, wake up.

He found himself rooted to the spot, but tried to get his legs to move. Now was not the time to be a coward, he reminded himself, as he took agonized steps towards Ishan.

The stark white sheets seemed to swallow him, and the soft beeping of the heart monitor provided a rhythmic backdrop to the otherwise silent room. Shubman reached out tentatively, his fingers brushing against Ishan's cheek oh so softly.

Shubman closed his eyes at the first brush of his fingers, his mind trying to brand this moment in his heart forever, the touch becoming a sacred moment.

He recalled the moments leading up to this - Virat bhai's eyes silently asking him to choose, his own heart beating a mile a minute.

What else could he choose, when his breath was currently rattling around in the ribcage of his best friend? There was no decision to be made, no thoughts to be had. Who else would he choose but Ishan?

His reverie was broken by the shrill voice of his ringtone, which promptly made him open his eyes, his hand reaching in his pocket for the phone.

He finally found his phone, but when he saw the stark "SARA" on his phone, he recoiled from the bed.

Sara.

Oh dear lord.

He had forgotten about his girlfriend.

Guys, as I am fairly new at writing, I would be blessed if you could give me any pointers on my style of writing (what you like, what you did not). Enjoy this chapter.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Shubman came out of the room, he found Virat and Rohit pacing, on calls with god-knows-who. Looking at Ishan had shattered him, but he knew the time to run to Virat with every problem was not in the cards. He had a lot of growing up and groveling to do - on his own. But before that, there was something he needed to do.

He needed to talk to Sara.

He cleared his throat, prompting Virat to swiftly turn his face in his direction.

"His condition remains unchanged."

Virat's eyes softened at that, and he came forward to envelop Shubman in a hug. Their eyes were misty when they pulled back, and Shubman understood why the country called the ICT a family - they braved every storm together.

He quickly sent Sara a "In Mumbai, can you meet?" text, and waited.

When Sara finally arrived at the hospital, Shubman had gone through rounds of anxiety. To calm himself, he sat with Virat and Rohit, helped them fend off the media, picked up numerous calls from his teammates, who were all equally worried for Ishan, and called home to let them know what had happened. He could not sit still, because sitting still meant thinking, and thinking meant spiraling. He could not afford to spiral - Ishan needed him.

He spotted Sara coming toward him and gave her a quick hug. She looked beautiful as always, her smile a welcome beacon in the days of darkness.

He gestured to a nearby chair and sat down in an adjoining one. He was glad Virat had arranged for a private space for him to talk to Sara; he could not bear the thought of being media fodder, his personal life out to hang.

The thought jolted him out of his thoughts and he noticed that Sara had been trying to gain his attention for quite a while.

Dismissing his thought, he graced her with a short smile.

"Sorry, just...too many thoughts."

She smiled and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"I understand. It must be difficult, to see your best friend in such a condition. But don't worry - Ishan is a fighter, he will be up and bugging you in no time."

Shubman had to give Sara this, she was an extremely cheerful person and just the sort of support you need in such times.

But nothing, Shubman noticed, would cheer him up-nothing, except the sight of Ishan finally waking up and smiling.

He gave her a short smile, and began.

"Thanks, Sara. I, uh, I actually wanted to talk to you about something. It's just that..."

Shubman stopped. Sara was brilliant, beautiful, and kind - everything you could want in a partner. But she also deserved someone who would be hers - 100%. Unfortunately, Shubaman had realized in the past 48 hours, that he belonged to someone who was hurt due to his stupidity.

Shubman didn't need to continue, because Sara laid a hand over his, and said,

"You want to break up with me?"

Shubman was astonished. Here he was, agonizing over how to tell her, and Sara was speaking to him calmly, as if he wasn't ending their relationship.

But Sara just smiled and continued,

"It's okay, Shubman. I knew it was a long time coming, and I am not upset about it. I could see it in your face, how you tried to give your all to this relationship. But you never could, because your heart was tied to someone else. I am right, aren't I?

To be honest, I always thought we were great friends rather than partners, and I would hate to lose a friend over this. I just want you to know that I fully support you, and I am glad you finally came to your senses."

Shubman did not know what to say to this, so he just hugged her tightly.

"Thank you, Sara, thank you so much for understanding. You have no idea how much this has been weighing on me."

"Don't thank me yet - the media is going to go gaga over this - you might even get trolled."

"As long as you are my friend, I won't be scared."

"Oh, hush you, charmer. Save the charm for the patient."

As this, Shubman gave a look of surprise. But she just rolled her eyes and continued.

"What? I am not blind. You spent months brooding that he won't talk, won't hang out; you fretted for days about his birthday gift on our dates, it's hard not to notice that -"

"Sara, I am sorry -"

"I am just teasing, Shubman, relax. Like I said, I am not upset. I saw it coming. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

Shubman felt like an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He smiled at Sara and was about to reply, when a frazzled Virat came in.

"He's awake."

Thank you so much everyone, for the kind words. It truly helps a lot. I was also pleasantly surprised and happy that no one had anything unkind to say toward Sara (she's the best, but fandoms are notoriously unkind sometimes). To give back, I thought I would recommend some M/M shows or fanfiction I have enjoyed. Please check them out and let me know your thoughts.

1. KinnPorsche (It's a fangirl's dream come to life - mafia, romance, comedy - all in one)

2. Kiseki: Dear to me (It's straight out of Wattpad - the cinematography and screenplay could be better, but it's very, very cheesy in the best way)

3. Red, White, and Blue (Enemies to reluctant friends to lovers - what's not to love?)

4. A la carte on AO3 (It's a Star Wars - Anakin/Obi-Wan love story - but it's so, so good - you will love it! I read it repeatedly!)

5. Ethics & Aesthetics on AO3 (Hannibal fanfiction, but based in a Jane Austen universe with A/B/O theme - trust me, you don't want to miss it!)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Nov 2020

If there was one thing ICT knew better than to play cricket, it was partying. They had just finished the Sri Lankan ODI series as winners, and were now enjoying the bliss of crowned victors! It was Diwali night, the DJ was in full swing, everyone had dressed up in traditionals with their families, and most of the troublemakers had already been reprimanded for causing a ruckus. Well, not all of them, thought Shubman, as he saw Ishan and Tilak whispering to each other and cackling, which could only spell trouble.

A few minutes ago, they were sneaking ice cubes inside Yuzi's kurta (long tunic), which had earned a squawk and chase from Yuzi, laughter from the rest of the team, and a lecture from the bowling coach (which they listened to, sniggering all the while). Shubman could not wait to see who the next victim would be.

He was sitting at the open bar, a glass in hand, surveying the party. He smiled seeing the antics of grown men around kids, who were excited about the continuous mithai and fireworks they were showered with. It was a nice change, he thought, from the constant stress and scrutiny the ICT faced. His eyes fell onto Shardul, who he had coincidentally twinned with, in a sea blue kurta, which had earned them both laughs. He raised a glass to Shardul, who winked at him in response. His eyes then fell onto the tricksters of the night. Ishan, he thought, looked particularly fetching in a black kurta and his signature earrings.

And here we go again, he thought, when his eyes started tracing the contours of Ishan's face, his smile (which was out in its entire glory tonight), and his animated laughter whenever someone said something funny. Shubman tried, he really tried to look anywhere else, talk to anyone else, but his eyes had a mind of their own, and they were really determined to get him into trouble tonight, as they kept reverting to Ishan and his antics.

Days of panic and nights of waking up with dreams of tasting Ishan's skin, ever since that day of Ishan and Surya's Ramleela mandali drama, had led to this. Ishan was beautiful - Shubman knew this in an abstract sort of way. He knew about Ishan's crazy fan following, the girls who stood outside for hours to take photos with him, and the mound of fan mail that his manager seemed buried under. But he had never really thought about what it meant that he, Ishan's best friend, thought Ishan was beauty reincarnated.

He had a hard time understanding it himself - he had a month to think about it, not that Ishan was any help. Ishan had made it his mission to constantly situation himself over Shubman's back, his neck, and on one tough occasion, his lap. No one thought anything of it, as they were used to Ishan and Shubman being joined at the hip, but Shubman had been two seconds away from depositing Ishan on the ground and making a run for a cold shower. As days went by, he understood that maybe he was not entirely straight, which was a revelation that could have turned his life upside down, but it was eclipsed by a more dangerous one - he had a crush on his best friend. Ergo, the blatant checking out tonight.

It could have been worse, he thought, as he took a sip - he could have had a crush on Virat bhai, and then Anushka bhabhi would have killed him for having eyes for her man. As he chuckled to himself, he noticed a stranger walking up to Ishan. He remembered Devisha bhabhi introducing him as some newly hired sports manager, but he paid no attention then.

He was paying attention now.

The stranger was talking about something that was clearly hilarious, because Ishan would not stop laughing. Ishan was wheezing, and he grabbed the stranger's elbow to steady himself. Shubman gripped his glass tightly, but his eyes refused to stray away from the scene before him. If that wasn't all, Ishan was now showing off his biceps to the stranger, who raised his hand as if to touch them....

All right, that's enough, thought Shubman, as he left the glass on the counter, and reached Ishan in three strides. He caught his arm and hauled him off to the side, uncaring how it looked.

Ishan, as always, remained unfazed. He thought nothing of it, as he always did when Shubman behaved strangely, which pissed Shubman off to no end. Didn't Ishan notice? Didn't he care?

Ishan, oblivious to this, quirked an eyebrow in amusement, and asked,

"What's the matter, gloomy goose? Jealous much?"

Shubman froze. Did Ishan finally notice?

"You left me with Tilak to play all the pranks, what was a guy to do? C'mon, let's try hazing the new guy."

Shubman relaxed his shoulders. So Ishan had not noticed. He did not even notice when someone had flirted with him. Shubman was equal parts relieved and frustrated; nothing to be done about it now, he would just have to wait to sort his feelings during sleep, so he settled for -

"How about we light a firecracker near Siraj bhai?"

Present:

Shubman lost all his courage at Virat's voice. He had never felt so scared. What if Ishan refused to look at him? Acknowledge him? What if he kicked him out? Sara had taken one look at him, muttered a 'best of luck' to him and 'nice to see you' to Virat, and hightailed it out of there. It was safe to say that Virat dragged him more than walked with him.

When they reached the entrance of the room, Virat and Shubman looked at each other in a silent 'Here we go' gesture, and stepped in.

Rohit and a few doctors stood by Ishan's bedside. Rohit was trying to talk to Ishan in a soothing manner, and Shubman had never been more grateful for their captain so Ishan had a familiar face to look at. The doctors were monitoring the machines and looking over their reports, but they stopped when the two men entered the room.

Noticing the silence, Rohit and Ishan swiveled their faces in unison, but there was only one whose reactions mattered. Shubman raised his eyes to meet Ishan, but before he could take a step ahead, the machines hooked to Ishan's heart and lungs started blaring in alarm. The sounds seemed to push everyone into action, the doctors rushing to help the patient, while the nurses ushered all three of them out. Shubman felt like a puppet, as several hands coaxed him outside. It was worse, he thought, it was way, way worse.

Because Shubman had not seen anger or disgust in Ishan's eyes.

It was fear.

"I thought the dhak-dhak thing happened only in films, eh?"

"Shut up, Virat. Look at the poor boy."

Rohit came to give Shubman, who was still looking a little shocked at the incident inside, a consoling hug.

"It's okay, Shubi. We knew it was going to be an uphill battle."

Shubman looked at Rohit, and stated:

"He didn't want me there, Rohit bhai."

"Of course he didn't. What did you think was going to happen? You thought he would leap into your arms and all would be forgiven?"

At this, both Rohit and Shubman glared at Virat, who glared back.

"Why are you being so mean to him, Virat?"

Virat sighed, ran a hand over his hair, and said, "I....sympathize with a broken heart. You didn't see him when he came to me. He looked....haunted, lost. So excuse me if I am a little overprotective over him."

Just then, the doctor came out of the room, looking a little haggard. All three rushed to him, the concern in their eyes, evident.

"He is stable now, but heavily sedated; he won't be up for hours. It's going to be a long road to recovery, but thankfully he has no prior ailments. I do have a favor to ask, though. Can you make sure the....episode does not happen again? The patient needs all the rest he can."

"Of course, doctor. You got it."

Shubman let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. He looked at Virat and Rohit, who looked exhausted.

"You guys can go home. You heard what the doctor said, he won't be up for hours."

"We'll be back in a few hours - his parents will most likely arrive at the same time. You sure you will be okay?"

"Promise."

Shubman watched his support system walk away, and sat outside Ishan's room, waiting.

He must have dozed off at some point, because the next thing he knew, he was waking up in a chair massaging his stiff neck. He looked around, and after noting the time, walked up to Ishan's door.

Don't be scared, he chided himself, and twisted the door handle.

Ishan was still asleep.

The machines emitted a steady beep, for which Shubman was immensely grateful. The cacophony of noises earlier had scared him shitless, and he wanted no repeat of the incident. Shubman silently walked to the head of Ishan's bed and peered down at him. Careful not to jostle him, tangled as he was with tubes and wires, Shubman carefully traced his fingers down Ishan's face.

He shivered at the contact, which reminded him painfully that he had not touched, or been in the vicinity of his best friend for months now. His fingers traced the contours of his nose, his jaw, and his ears, which looked weird without his earrings.

Ishan looked so peaceful, with no trace of the earlier fear in him now. Feeling a surge of protectiveness, Shubman vowed never to let anything (or anyone) ruin Ishan's peace. He would do whatever it took to make Ishan smile again, to return that smile on his face, where it belonged.

Unable to help himself, he placed a gentle kiss on Ishan's forehead. If he left a few tears on Ishan's forehead, well, that was a secret between him and the hospital room.

A text alert drew his attention away. It was from Rohit.

Arriving in 15 - Ishan's parents with us.

A few minutes later, Ishan's room had changed into a mini war room. Shubman, Rohit, and Virat stood to the side, all awaiting the doctor's verdict. Ishan's family stood near his bedside, his parents in tears and his brother trying to hold them together. The nurses adjusted the IV drips, while the doctors conversed among themselves.

Finally, they came to a decision and faced Ishan's parents.

"Mr. and Mrs. Kishan, Ishan is a strong and healthy boy. He inhaled a lot of smoke during the crash, but his respiratory organs seemed to be functioning well. He does have a lot of severe burns, a fractured leg, a bruised sternum, and other abrasions. His injuries will take time to heal, and we can think of cosmetic surgery to reduce the marks later. We believe that instead of shifting him, his treatment can be best done in Mumbai as moving him now might be dangerous. We have the best physiotherapists to help him get in the best shape again, and the ICT's panel of doctors will be extra helpful in getting Mr. Ishan back on the field in no time. You can take him home after a few months, when he can walk by himself and will get some family time."

"But doctor, our family, our jobs, are all at home. How will we..."

Shubman jumped in before Ishan's father could complete his sentence. He walked up to them, and calmly said,

"Uncle, aunty - please don't worry about Ishan at all. You guys stay here for a few days at Ishan's, but we will take care of everything after. We are family after all, isn't that right?"

Ishan's mother hugged him at that, and stroking his cheeks, said,

"What did Ishan do to deserve friends like you, beta?"

A voice croaked from the bed.

"Something truly horrible, ma."

Ishan had a hard time sitting still even at the best of times - his dad often said he was born with a spring fitted inside. He was constantly moving - either up to some pranks or flitting from one place to the next.

The hospital felt like a prison.

He hated being bound to the bed, with numerous tubes attached day and night. He could not move, he could not get up, and he was mostly sedated to help his wounds heal - it was no surprise he was cranky most of the time. But even with his crankiness, he noticed two things:

His family and his ICT family had been his rock - his family fed him, held his hand when he was in pain, and kept up a string of conversation so he would not get bored. His (other) family visited almost every day; Virat and Rohit were often a permanent fixture. Hardik and Jaddu played jokesters in the hospital, Mahi bhai spent time with his parents, and everyone else constantly surrounded him - so much so that sometimes he had to kick them out to get some sleep.

Hehad been situated outside Ishan's room from Day 1.

No one talked abouthimwith Ishan, as though they had all been given the same lecture by someone (he suspected Virat bhai). He did hear everyone talking tohimoutside the door - everyone else's voice boisterous,his- muted. No one knew what had happened, but they let the pair be, even his parents. Ishan did seehimsometimes, when he was being wheeled for one test or another, but no one dared initiate a conversation.

Ishan was glad. He really was. The morethat personstayed away from him, the better. Still, he was getting angstier by the day, as everyone was perfectly happy behaving like the person outside the door did not exist.

One day, when it was only him and Rohit bhai (who was browsing through some magazines), his resolve broke.

"Why is he here?"

Rohit, for his part, did not feign ignorance.

"He wants to see you, Ishan."

"Bully for him. I don't want to see him."

"Okay, then tell him that."

"I don't want to talk to him."

"Well, I am not telling him to leave."

Ishan pouted.

"Virat bhai would listen to me."

Rohit put on a sugary smile and said,

"But your Virat bhai isn't here, is he?"

Ishan wondered when their roles had reversed - when Virat started backing Ishan more - but he figured it was something to do withhim.

Hehadto do something. Rohit bhai was looking at him, smirking, like he knew something Ishan did not.

Annoyed, he barked at the door.

"Hey, dickhead!"

A head appeared through a crack in the door, beaming at Ishan. Ishan hated that smile instantly.

"You called?"

Ishan looked at Rohit, who simply shook his head, left the room, and made a 'go inside' motion at the beaming head.

The beaming head entered the room.

Ishan looked away, and with hands crossed across his chest, declared,

"I don't want to see you, I don't have anything to say to you, so you may leave."

"Then don't see me, I won't disturb you. But I am not leaving."

Ishan whipped his head at that, and was irked to see a smile blooming onhisface.

"If you care or cared about me even a little bit, you will leave."

There, he thought smugly, that should do it.

"I care about you very, very much - which is why I am not leaving. Get that in your thick head."

He glared, but all he received in return was a triumphant smile, so he did what he had to.

He threw a book at the smiling face.

Ishan refused to look at him.

Shubman tries not to let it get to him.

He fails.

After Ishan threw the book at Shubman, his parents rushed inside and scolded them, but Shubman would have gladly accepted a ton of books at his head if it meant Ishan would talk to him. Sadly, that was the end of their interaction. Ishan went back to sleep, and Shubman stood outside like the world's awkwardest watchman.

"He's a stubborn one, always has been."

Somehow, Shubman never thought Raj, Ishan's brother, to be the one to broach the topic.

Shubman could say nothing to that, so he just smiled in return.

"Once, I tried pranking him for a change. I knew his fear of reptiles, so I kept a plastic lizard in his bag. He was furious when he came home. Apparently, he had found the lizard during school hours, gotten scared, and wet himself."

Shubman imagined a cute, tiny Ishan coming home - furious and tearful - and immediately wanted to give that poor child a hug.

"But, what I learned that day, is to never prank a prankster. He used that opportunity to get himself acclimatized to lizards, and a month later, I found myself flailing around, because Ishan had caught a real lizard and put it down my shirt."

Shubman burst into a laugh, but also put a sympathetic hand over Raj's shoulders.

"What I am saying is this - he's upset with you. His anger runs very deep because he feels very deeply. Once he loves, you get his unbridled loyalty and devotion. But you also get his anger. You have to be patient - but you also cannot let him dictate everything. Otherwise, you will spend the next 10 years outside this door, and I don't think security is really your career of choice."

Not knowing what to say, Shubman simply gave Raj a hug, which he hoped conveyed how grateful he was for the advice.

Shubman had a rough idea of how to win Ishan back. He did not know if it would work, but when had Gill ever backed down from a challenge?

Over the next few days, Shubman made it a point to be within Ishan's eyesight all the time. It was tentative at first, just for a few moments; Shubman had not forgotten what Virat had said, and Shubman did not want a repeat of  Ishan's episode. He started with a minute or two - helping Ishan's mom fluff his pillows, talking to Ishan's dad while Ishan rested, and even stealing some of his mom's food. Ishan's glares and refusal to speak to him hurt, but it was better than not getting to see him at all.

More often than not, he found himself staring at Ishan dreamily - the beard was doing insane things to his libido, but he managed to control himself. Not even Ishan's parents were going to be lenient if he popped a boner in their presence.

When he arrived at the hospital one day, he noticed the mood of the patient room to be more subdued than usual.

Shubman always noticed how much it frustrated Ishan to stay confined to his bed. Today was no better. He seemed to vibrate with all the pent-up energy, and even his parents were trying to make themselves scarce. Fortunately for Shubman, he and Ishan had been left alone for the first time in days. Unfortunately, Ishan had plans.

By the time Shubman adjusted the flowers that arrived for Ishan and cleared up some room for himself, Ishan was trying to get up.

Alarmed, Shubman made to move toward him, when Ishan, sensing his intentions, glared at him so intensely that Shubman backed away for a second.

Ishan was dedicated, Shubman had to give him that. He was careful to not hurt himself - he got up very carefully, mindful of his injuries and the IV drip, balanced himself using the palms of his hands, and sat on the bed. Mission 1 - complete.

It was only when he tried standing up that his energy gave away. He obviously had not calculated the stiffness of his muscles and the energy it would take to stand up, and was about to fall, when an arm around his waist steadied him.

He had closed his eyes while bracing for impact, but sensing no fall, he opened them to stare into Shubman's concerned ones. Shubman held him with his arms wound tightly, as if worried Ishan might vanish if he let go.

Ishan hated the way his body grew warm at the contact, and immediately tried to wriggle out of Shubman's grip. Shubman let go, and made Ishan sleep on the bed again. It was only when he turned away that Ishan spoke.

"Don't ever touch me again."

May 2021:

Ishan loved his ICT family, he really did, but sometimes they made it really difficult not to strangle them on the spot.

Like right now.

The team was together for an all-round training camp for the upcoming ODI, T20, and test match series against South Africa. The matches were not for another 2 months, but the board deemed this camp necessary. Tonight, they were given a reprieve from their rigid schedule, which meant everyone wanted to party. Partying meant people getting smashed, teasing each other, and lots of practical jokes.

It started with everyone taking a dig at Siraj, who was apparently tagged in actress Shraddha Kapoor's IG story. It did not help that Siraj blushed bright red every time someone teased him, and so, to fend off the attention, he blurted out -

"What about Ishan? He's got the craziest fans - remember those girls who followed our bus to get a selfie with him? And what about that Slovenian influencer who spent the entire day with him?"

Usually, Ishan would bask in this attention, even add anecdotes his teammates had forgotten, but he was distracted today.

Shubman had decided to wear a sky-blue workday shirt that hugged his body in all the right places. He was the literal definition of smoking hot, with his broody looks and a drink in his hand.

Ishan was getting irritated - how could someone look so hot?

Shikhar bhai piped in.

"What about that guy in Delhi? I heard he offered you money to spend an hour with you. Or was it a watch?"

The statement was met with whistles and hoots, but Ishan could not pay attention to any of it.

Because there Shubman sat, broody and handsome as always, but there was an undercurrent of anger in his eyes now. His grip on his glass had gotten tighter, but Ishan refused to believe it had something to do with the comments.

Since when had Shubman started getting angry about Ishan's prospects?

I am putting too much thought into his gestures, Ishan thinks and joins in the team's shenanigans.

He stumbled into his room a little after 1, thinking Shubman must have dozed off by then.

He was wrong.

Shubman sat on the sofa facing the garden, with a bottle in his hand. At the sound of the door opening, he looked up to see Ishan entering with a sheepish look on his face.

"So, was it a watch or money?"

"What are you talking about?"

Ishan sat on the sofa gingerly, the slight buzz of alcohol and the look in Shubman's eyes felt like someone was doing somersaults in his stomach.

He need not have to worry about an answer though, because as soon as he sat down, Shubman was on him in an instant - he had scrambled toward Ishan on his knees (a little wobbly, which Ishan privately thought the cutest thing ever).

He looked at Ishan with those wide eyes of his, a little accusingly.

"Did you go on a date with him? The guy who gave you - hic - the watch?"

Ishan was at a loss for words in front of his boozy, hiccuping best friend. But Shubman was perfectly happy carrying on the conversation on his own.

"I don't like it, when they tease you. I don't like the thought of you with - hic - with that guy. Why do you need someone else? You have me. I will take you wherever you want to go. I remember you liked that beachy shirt. Should I buy you one? Ishu, tell me tell me tell - hic - me!"

This, was accompanied by a vigorous cheek pulling that Ishan had no time to process, mostly because his brain was stuck on Shubaman's slurred speech.

What was Shubman saying?

Why was he jealous?

Did he....reciprocate Ishan's feelings?

Ishan hated white.

He hated the white of the hospital room, the bed, the sheets, the white of ICT test players who got to play while he stewed in a bed.

Most of all, he hated the white of Shubman's teeth when he flashed his dimples at the nurses and made them giggle.

He wanted to throw something at his (Shubman's) head - no fault of the nurses - who would be immune to the infamous Shubman charm?

Ishan had been granted permission to visit the hospital grounds in a wheelchair. He had reluctantly accepted (he had not forgotten what had happened the last time-  his body had felt electric when Shubman held his waist, and for a split, split second, he had wanted to lean into the heat). When he was ready, he was irritated to see that Shubman had volunteered to wheel him around. He gritted his teeth in annoyance, but stayed silent.

Silence became unbearable when it was evident that Shubman now knew the entire hospital - he waved at the ward boys and shared lunches with grandmothers, charmed the nurses and high fived the interns - one flash of his dimple and they were goners.

Ishan was at the end of his patience. He tried concentrating on the surroundings, breathing in the fresh air after months of being cooped up in his room felt good. He knew he had a long way to go before he was given a clean bill of health, but right now, that was, nothing mattered.

"Shubman, I saw the show you recommended - so good yaar!"

Ishan felt (for the hundredth time) his chair coming to a halt, followed by a gaggle of dewy-eyed women surrounding Shubman, all eager to chat him up. He endured it as much as he could, not wanting to give Shubman the satisfaction of seeing him riled up. Shubman, oblivious to Ishan's turmoil, spent his merry time chattering away, drumming up more recommendations, and asking for reviews.

When a bell rang, they reluctantly waved goodbye, promising to return with more fodder.

Unable to control himself any longer, Ishan spit out,

"Have we missed any other fans of yours? I'll wait - we can have a marathon session."

He knew the moment he blurted it out that he should have kept his mouth shut - a world of teasing was his fortune now. But he couldn't control himself - it was too much.

He shut his eyes - he knew he must have sounded like a child, but in that moment, he had not cared. All he wanted was for everyone to leave (he refused to ask himself the reason).

When he opened them, he was shocked to find Shubman kneeling in front of him.

Shubman, he noticed, was careful not to touch him. He had a soft smile, and calmly, he said,

"I am sorry Ishu. I am so, so sorry. You must know - tu sabse khaas hai, tu hi mithas hai."

Normally, Ishan would have laughed at such cheesy lines, but Shubman looked so serious that he dared not say anything.

Shubman looked like he wanted to say more, but not wanting to push the sanctity of the peace they had built, he decided to let go, stood up, and wheeled Ishan around for a while.

It was a good day, thought Ishan.

Jealousy suits him, thought Shubman.

"Ishu..."

"Yeah, mom?"

"I think Shubman and Virat are fighting."

"Why do you think that, Mom?"

"Shubman won't stay in the same room with them for the past few days, and I was wondering if anything had happened."

"How would I know, Mom? It's not like I can go anywhere."

"Alright, alright, no need to be so snippy. Eat your raita."

He successfully got his mom to stop pestering him about Shubman, but it stayed in his mind - he had also noticed the tension between Shubman and Virat. He knew that they had a strained relationship ever since his accident, but this was new. Something was brewing. He decided to prod Rohit later, just to keep up on matters. Not that he cared.

Nope.

Not a bit.

When Rohit visited the next day, Ishan prodded the subject a little bit.

"So.....why is Virat bhai a little snippy nowadays?"

"When is he not like that? I swear, he was born with a scowl on his face."

"No, I meant....it's just that I noticed some tension with....everyone."

Rohit bhai caught his hesitation, and with a smirk and wiggling eyebrows unbecoming of an ICT captain, asked,

"Who's....everyone?"

Ishan simply rolled his eyes at the blatant teasing, and continued,

"Will you just tell me already?"

"Alright, alright. Sheesh. The next ODI series is announced -  Shubman is part of it but he refuses to leave."

"Wha– why?"

"We tried to make him listen to reason, even Shahneel tried - he won't budge."

Ishan was quiet. He did not know what to make of this new Shubman. As long as he knew him, Shubman lived and breathed cricket - his focus and love for cricket were legendary - he was the Prince, after all. So what had happened?

He asked Rohit the same question.

The expression on Rohit's face could only be described as dumbfounded.

"You– you really don't know? Ishan, have you seen that boy's face? It lights up every time he enters this room. He refused to leave the hospital for fear of something happening to you. It was only when we promised to stay vigil that he left for 30 minutes to eat something. He's gotten favors from every hospital personnel so you get the best bed, the best service, extended visitor timings - everything he could think of. I don't think anything will move him."

Rohit looked up to see Ishan's eyes a little red around the rim, but Ishan quickly wiped his tears and spoke.

"He'll go."

When Raj told him that Ishan wanted to speak to him, Shubman's first reaction was to laugh and scold Raj for pulling his leg. When Raj's expression did not change, Shubman felt his heartbeat rocket so high he thought it was good he was already in a hospital because he was not sure his heart could take it.

"Are you sure he called me? Are you absolutely sure?"

"He said to 'call that idiot inside'. I paraphrased."

Sighing, Shubman went inside in response to His Highness' summons.

Ishan was flipping through a magazine when Shubman entered, but Shubman felt like he was standing in front of the principal, waiting to accept punishment.

"I want something. Will you–"

"Anything."

Ishan quirked an eyebrow at that. Shubman shot back, "Anything."

"Play the series."

"But–"

"A-ah, you promised."

"But–"

"You. Promised."

Shubman thought he was a good player, but Ishan had well and truly played him. Or maybe, he would always be willing to give Ishan whatever he wants. But he would not leave without getting anything in return.

"Why do you care so much, anyway?"

"Don't be absurd, Rohit bhai asked me so I asked you. It'll be nice to not see your ugly mug for a few days. Win-win for me."

"You say that, but I know for a fact that no one would dare ask you to do anything, especially not for me. There was a session on it - apparently, you're the newest baby and we are to cater to your every whim. So tell me..."

At this, Shubman stood closer to Ishan's bed and slowly bent down so he was eye to eye with him.

"Tell me why you care."

Unable to answer (and to bear the look in Shubman's eyes), Ishan looked away, which was all the answer Shubman needed. He stood back, and, with a cheer in his voice, said,

"I'll play, but don't think you will get rid of me that easily. We're forever, baby." and left without looking at the stunned look in Ishan's eyes.

If Ishan thought a thousand kilometers would subdue Shubman, he had never been more wrong. First came a barrage of texts and calls, and when Ishan refused to pick up - he had the team call him, nonstop.

Ishan could have easily believed that it was the team constantly keeping tabs on him instead of the other annoying alternative - but when Shreya bhai asked how his weekly X-ray checkup went, he knew there was no-one anal retentive enough to monitor his daily schedule.

He could do nothing but answer exasperatedly, that yes, he took his medicine, his (short) trips to the garden, his tests were okay, he ate, and he slept. If they asked about his bowel movements though, Ishan thought, he was going to snap.

It was, one day, when Virat quietly asked, "Ishan, yaad aati hai?" that Ishan went mum.

He knew Virat was not asking about him (Anushka bhabhi would kill them both).

Virat must have sensed something, because he continued,

"Because let me tell you,hameto bohot yaad aati hai - tumhari bina din nai jaata, chain nai aata...."

Ishan heard the unmistakable sound of someone ripping the phone away from Virat bhai, followed by Virat's booming laughter.

Ishan could not get his facial muscles to stop from smiling fast enough.

Ishan missed the first match due to his physiotherapy session, but was determined not to miss the second.

Rahul bhai, out for some injuries, joined him for the day. Ishan had grown up watching cricket, but it still felt bizarre to watch his friends play as an audience. He understood why their fans went crazy - the atmosphere, the commentary - it gave you an adrenaline rush. He was happy Rahul bhai was with him, because his parents might support him, but they would never understand just how deep cricket ran in his blood.

NZ batted first, and boy did they play well - Kane and Rachin were brilliant to watch. Ishan had chewed half his fingernails, worried about his team, but then Rahul bhai mouthed "Virat, Virat" along with the audience, and just like that, all his worries melted away.

Rohit and Hardik bhai gave a great start as always, and even Ishan could not blame the crowd which went crazy when Rohit got out after a stormy 57.

When Shubman came on the field, it took all of Ishan's willpower to keep a straight face.

"Ishan, you can look at the screen. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me."

Ishan felt his cheeks going red, but fortunately, Rahul bhai was already focusing on the match.

Shubman, as always, was a treat to watch. His prowess was unmatched - no wonder they called him the Prince - the next in the line to the ICT throne.

Ishan knew the hardship, the courage it took for Shubman to reach ICT, and the humbleness he still showed was proof of a good man. It was one of the things Ishan would always admire about the man, no matter their relationship.

A worried "Damn!" brought him out of his reverie, and he turned his attention to the screen, where Shubman lay on the ground, his expression pained. Horrified, Ishan watched as his once best friend was swarmed by doctors and teammates.

It was a cramp, the commentators were saying, as Shubman was expected to retire hurt any moment.

Serves him right, thought Ishan a little maliciously, no one asked him to stay behind with me when he could have been practicing and getting his muscles ready. Maybe next time he will listen to his body and stay put.

After a brief conversation on the field, where Rohit looked like he was two seconds away from tearing his hair out, Shubman and Hardik continued playing.

"Why is he being an idiot?" blurted Ishan.

Shaking his head, Rahul replied, "Which of us are sane here?"

Ishan had no argument there.

Shubman continued playing. It was clear he was in pain - he stopped play for a bit, his face was laden with sweat, and he preferred playing boundaries and sixes as opposed to running. But he persisted.

He persisted through his fifty, through his eightly, his ninety.

Even Rahul bhai was on the edge of his seat - everyone was waiting for Shubman to complete his century.

Ishan had given up all pretense of not watching Shubman - if he could not be on the team, the least he could do was cheer his teammates. India wanted a century, dammit, and Shubman would give them one.

He did, not with a smashing four or six as everyone is wont to do - but with runs he scored in pain.

A nurse entered just then, hoping to wheel Ishan to his weekly checkup - but both Rahul and Ishan shushed her.

Ishan was about to get up to leave for his checkup - no use waiting after the century - when something on the screen shortcircuted his brain.

Shubman was bowing to the audience as was his custom, but when he stood straight, he closed his eyes and tugged his earlobe - once, twice, thrice, and smiled.

Ishan did not need to see Rahul bhai's expressions - they were mirrored on his own face.

Shubman was dedicating his century to Ishan.

Ishan, who promptly burst into tears.

I think there was some confusion in the last chapter:

When Shubman tugs his earlobe, he is remembering Ishan (who always wears earrings). I thought it was very obvious, which is why I added it. Sorry for the confusion.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dec 2021

After that disastrous night, Ishan and Shubman spent the next few months in a limbo. They remained unsure of how to behave around each other, and it showed. For Ishan and Shubman, the casual flirting, the touches - everything suddenly became loaded with meaning.

Ishan desperately wanted to ask Shubman what he meant that night, but then he imagined Shubman rejecting him and their friendship, and nothing was worth that.

Shubman was berating himself for revealing his feelings to Ishan, who did not even respond or reject him. Shubman was unsure what he was more scared of - the conversation or the rejection.

So they stayed, as friends who shared a room, shared feelings, together - but eons apart. They wished they could talk to the other person, bare their heart and get reciprocated feelings in return, but remained afraid of rejection.

It all changed on Christmas.

Harry bhai had arranged a farmhouse Christmas fiesta for friends and family, and the ICT was having a blast decorating, giving gifts, dancing, and pulling pranks. Ishan was due to arrive in a while, and was sorely missed by everyone - old and young alike.

The children asked for their Ishan chachu, who had promised to be Santa and come bearing gifts, while his team members missed their chota dhamaka who turned every party into a paartaay!

It was Devika bhabhi who spoke first.

"You know, there was this girl I met a couple of days ago, she reminded me so much of Ishan that I told Surya I wanted to set them up. What do you guys think?"

In response, she was bombarded with a storm of questions, ranging from "What does she do?" to "What's her IG handle?"

Devika rolled her eyes, opened her phone, and showed them the girl's photos. They all gathered around her like a flock of hens, all eager to see who could potentially be Ishan's girlfriend.

They all oohed and aahed at the photo, and Jaddu bhai called a passerby Shubman closer,

"Hey Shubi, check out Ishan's girlfriend!"

Shubman, who was walking around eating a snowcone, promptly dropped it.

Ishan had a girlfriend? Since when? And why did he not mention it to Shubman? Is that where he was currently? Is that why he had not texted him?

Was that the sound of Shubman's heart breaking?

He cleared his throat (hoped his eyes did not look misty) and with a tight smile at Jaddu bhai, replied,

"Are you looking at chimpanzee photos again, bhai? Because that's the only way Ishu is getting a girlfriend."

"No, c'mere, look. She's real. Devika met her and thinks they will suit each other. As his best friend, you must know best. Look at her and talk to Ishu."

Looking at some girl for Ishan was the last thing Shubman wanted to do, but he had no choice. He gave a cursory glance at the photo. The girl was cute, with a face made for laughing. And Ishan loved making people laugh. Shubman could imagine the girl and Ishan, walking hand in hand, laughing together...

Shubman wished he had a hammer so he could destroy something.

Conscious of the fact that everyone was looking at him and waiting for his verdict, he said,

"What do you need my permission for if she's already Ishan's girlfriend?"

Harry bhai piped in.

"No, bro. Devika bhabhi thinks she's perfect but we wanted your opinion before we introduce her to Ishan. Don't worry Shubi, you will always be his #1. Aur hum hai na, we'll spend time with you when Ishan galavants around with his girlfriend."

This, was said with wiggling eyebrows, followed by laughs and hoots.

Shubman wished he could close his ears and run far, far away, when a voice stilled everyone.

"Mere bina party? Aise toh ho nai sakta."

Shubman whirled around to see Ishan, who seemed to come bearing gifts and his trademark smile.

And just like that, Shubman forgot what he was worried about in the first place. His smile tended to have that effect, and Shubman looked around to see that everyone had mirroring and equally fond smiles on their faces for their Ishu.

He took a step toward Ishan, but Ishan was instantly surrounded by all the children, all vying for his attention and the gifts.

He watched the scene before him unfolding with a warmth seeping into his heart - Ishan was making a big show of taking out gifts and asking every child if they had been good or bad. Shubman watched as every child looked up to Ishan with an adoring expression as they were handed their gifts and a hug.

Shubman could relate to the kids.

He figured it was time to rescue Ishan from the kids, when he saw a guy approaching Ishan. He came with a gift in hand, a little shy, but when Ishan saw him, his eyes lit up and he welcomed him with a tight hug.

It's good that Ishan has found a new best friend, Shubman thinks bitterly. He did not even remember me, let alone look at me, and here he is - draping himself over some guy, exchanging gifts and smiling at each other like idiots.

"Careful Shubi, a green eyed monster is on the loose."

Shubman scowled at Harry bhai, who was clearly trying to control his laughter.

"Aww Shubi, don't be jealous just because Ishu's boyfriend is very hot and won't leave any Ishan for us. You are still our favorite."

"What? He's not even that hot –"

"That's what we are concentrating on now, are we?"

Harry bhai was not even attempting to hide his laughter now. After a beat, he took Shubman's hand, and proclaimed loudly,

"C'mon everyone, it's time to dance!"

He was met with a chorus of "Woohoo", as everyone gathered on the dance floor.

It was truly a remarkable scene to watch - kids dancing with grown men, bhabhis letting loose, Rohit and Virat trying to do a hilarious impersonation of salsa, and people slow dancing to party tunes. Shubman, seeing his chance, walked up to Ishan, held up his hand, and simply said,

"May I have this dance?"

Ishan looked away from Maanav, who he had hung out with a few times ago, and was instantly mesmerized by Shubman's dimply smile. He was unaware when he had slipped his hand into Shubman's inviting ones, and let himself be led on the dance floor.

Shubman wasted no time in resting one hand behind Ishan's back, while his other one intertwined with Ishan's. Shubman led Ishan with a grace only two people in sync as they were could lead. They swayed back and forth, with faces close enough to lock their eyes together in silent symphony. Shubman hoped his eyes conveyed everything his mouth could not, and he pulled Ishan closer, unwilling to let go of him for even a second. As the music changed, Shubman twirled Ishan but brought him back for a dip, which was met with applause, effectively breaking their moment.

A tap on Ishan's shoulder made him flinch, and he swerved around to see Maanav asking him to join everyone else. Ishan took his hand and was happily led toward the other cricketers, who then proceeded to engage him in a dance-off. Shubman stood there, dumbfounded, watching his best friend go from their dance to behaving as if nothing had happened.

With that stranger, of all people!

Shubman seethed. Enough was enough - how long was Ishan going to stay away, pretend like that conversation had not happened, and let some stranger hold his hands and dance with him?

Egged on by his feelings, Shubman, in three strides, was beside Ishan, and dragged Ishan out, while everyone looked on in amusement.

As soon as they reached a private gazebo just outside the sleeping quarters, Ishan wrenched his hand out of Shubman's grip.

"What is the matter with you? Why are you being so rude?"

"Why, did it hurt your boyfriend's feelings?"

"Boyf–? What are you talking about?"

"That bozo you were talking to, bade latke jhatke lag rahe the uske saath, while I don't even get a hello when we met after god knows how long. You haven't even texted me properly all these months. What, too busy for your best friend? Or was your boytoy keeping you preoccupied?"

As Shubman spoke, his anger grew. He took a step, then another, and another, until Ishan was backed against the wall, too stunned in the face of Shubman's outburst.

Shubman was close, too close. His breath, ragged after spilling everything, fanned Ishan's face, who had to strain his neck to look at Shubman.

"Shubi.."

"Tell me, Ishan, tell me what I did wrong. I told you that night, didn't I? You have me, then why do you go around with someone else, WHEN I AM RIGHT HERE?"

"BECAUSE I LIKE YOU, AND YOU WILL NEVER LIKE ME LIKE THAT, EVER!"

Ishan could not believe he had spilled his feelings like that. He looked into Shubman's eyes, which looked like two blazing suns, and opened his mouth to take his words back, but whatever he was about to say was cut off by a mouth descending over his.

Ishan's hand automatically wound up around Shubman's waist, holding him close, while Shubman held Ishan's face in his hands, as if Ishan would fly away if not held.

Shubman kissed like he played - with a singular focus that took your breath away. He kissed with a fervor that made it seem it was your first and last kiss, that he would die if he did not kiss you that instant.

He nibbled Ishan's lips, and bit them when Ishan would not grant him entry. Ishan gasped at that, and Shubman plunged deep into his mouth, leaving room for no thoughts.

Just as Ishan thought he would lose his mind, Shubman started trailing nibbles across Ishan's neck, leaving peppered kisses in his wake.

Ishan was in heaven.

Ishan was in hell.

Ishan did not want to stop.

The sound of fireworks tore them apart.

Ishan looked at Shubman, panting, with a mouth that looked thoroughly ravaged. He presumed his did not look any better.

He was fine with it.

A few months later....

Is it possible to be so happy that you are in danger of one day bursting with it? Ishan desperately wanted to know, floating on cloud 9 as he was these past few months.

After that earth shattering kiss all those months ago on Christmas, Shubman and Ishan had a hard time keeping their hands off each other. They usually shared a room together, so it was not that difficult. The difficult part was keeping it from others. The team was essentially a group of gabby aunties, and one whiff of a scandal would lead to endless teasing.

But Ishan did not care; he had Shubman. He loved waking up to him, peppering him with kisses, seeing that adorable dimple burst out just for him, spending hours just talking about nothing and everything with their arms around each other - Ishan loved every minute of it. He even loved the secrecy of it - loved making Shubman blush in a room full of people. He took every opportunity to wink at Shubman when their eyes met, and to whisper all the dirty, filthy things he would do to him once they were alone. He knew the entire world paired him with Sara, but Ishan rarely paid attention to it - Shubman came home to him at the end of the day.

They were best friends, brothers in arms - but looking into Shubman's eyes while they made love made Ishan understand why they said do jism, ek jaan. He felt bereft when Shubman left his eyesight, he felt empty when he did not talk to his Shubi. When they left for their respective homes, more than the occasional kisses, Ishan missed looking at Shubman's smile and knowing it was there for him, just for him.

During a vacation, he sat with his parents, watching a repeat telecast of one of their matches. Ishan loved these - loved watching Shubman play and be the only person to know that beneath the Indian jersey lay hickies and love bites belonging to Ishan. He blushed, thinking of the memory of the night before the match, when they were so eager for each other than they tripped thrice before getting to their bed. He came out of his daydreaming, when the commentator on screen shouted,

"What a player! What a match! Gill, tu le gaya dil!"

Dil toh kabka le gaya, thought Ishan, but turned beetroot red when he just replayed what had he thought.

Uh-oh, someone was in trouble.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Virat bhai was right when he called them Amar-Prem, thought Shubman. Where one went, the other followed. Rarely was one seen without the other, and now they could add "fucking each other's breaths out" to their list of activities. Nothing changed for them in front of the public, used to their antics, but now Shubman could lose himself in Ishan's cheeky smile, mark him up as he had dreamt, and kiss him till they were both breathless. Ishan was fiery in bed, never letting Shubman have the upper hand, yet still tender, as if Shubman was something precious. It made Shubman all gooey inside.

It was these thoughts circling his brain while he was currently in a meeting with his manager.

His manager, as always, was haranguing him about his brand prospects and the pending approvals that he had missed (he was supposed to look at them yesterday, but then Ishan had made those 'come hither' eyes at him and Shubman was lost to them).

"Shubman, SHUBMAN - are you listening?"

"Huh? Oh, yea. Brands, sure. Whatever you see fit."

His manager, clearly about to lose his shit, took a deep breath, and said,

"Shubman, listen to me. The media has already dubbed you their Prince, the next in line to Sachin, MSD, and Virat. Do you understand what a big deal that is? You could be the next media star with a worth that could make others wet their pants. Now, I have collated some brands I think we should align with, please take a look and let me know."

"Don't worry, I will. Can I go now?"

"Not quite, there is still another matter I wanted to discuss with you. Please don't be offended, it was just an observation."

"What is it?"

"Sara."

"Yea, what about her?'

"Are you being deliberately dense today? You must have seen the media dubbing you the next 'IT' couple."

"Oh yea, that."

Shubman's manager rolled his eyes.

"Yes, that. I know you have been friends with her for quite a long time. I don't know how much truth there is to the 'crush' rumors, but India loves pairing you both up. I know you have a soft spot for her, and she would be phenomenal for you. I won't give you dating advice, but even I can see that you two would make a cute couple."

"You're just saying that because of my brand value."

"I won't lie, that's an added bonus. But just think about it, yea? Just see how amazing Virat and Anushka are together."

Shubman gave him a perfunctory 'hmm' and left the office.

Shubman could not get his manager's words out of his mind, no matter what. He knew it was true - he had a crush on Sara for a couple of years, but with Ishan, he had forgot about her entirely. His father's words from a few days ago chose that moment to re-surface.

"Beta, you are in the big leagues now - behave like it. Spend more time with Virat, Sachin sir. They know how to get ahead in life. I know you have your friends, but this time will not come back."

He knew Virat bhai, Rohit bhai were lucky to find love when they did. Shubman was not even thinking about settling down seriously, but were his manager and dad right? Was he throwing away good chances of getting ahead?

Shaking his head to rid himself of all these thoughts, he called up some of his friends to hang out. But try as he might, the thoughts stayed.

A few more months later....

There were a few defining moments in your life - your first prize, your first international match, the first time you felt you could not live without someone.

Unfortunately, the first time Ishan wanted to tell Shubman about his feelings was pretty anticlimatic.

They had just finished their practice for the day, and instead of going to the room, the team was lounging around, chatting and pulling pranks. Ishan was sitting with a bunch of players, while Shubman stood chatting with Virat. Ishan was starting to find it odd that Shubman spent so much time away from him nowadays. He chalked it up to career pressures, and decided not to prod the thought further.

He switched his attention to Kuldeep and Surya, who had decided to harass the resident pranksters.

"Hey Shubi, did you hear what Ishan is saying about you? He says your bowling is as bad as your cooking."

Shubman reached them in three strides, and pounced on Ishan.

"Saale, tere bowling se toh achi hi hai. Aur ab toh mere haath ke parathe khaane ke liye taras jaa tu, phir aana mere paas."

Ishan, never one to back down, whirled on Kuldeep bhai.

"Kya bhai aap bhi. Shubman mazaak kar rahe the wo. Mai aur tere cooking ki beizzati karu aise ho sakta hai kya. Bata mujhe?"

Shubman still refused to budge. He pouted and crossed his arms, and refused to look at Ishan.

Shubman, itna cute kyu hai yaar tu - koi aise chehre se pyar kaise na kare, thought Ishan, and promptly covered his mouth before he vomited his feelings.

Shit, shit, shit, he thought. What should I do?

He needed to get out of there, fast. Fortunately, Kuldeep bhai chose that moment to reveal that they were kidding, so Shubman flashed him a smile and left. Shubman had not accosted him more, which he found odd. He must be tired from all the practice, he thought.

Ishan got a bottle of water for himself, and after much deliberation, decided that in a week or two, he would tell Shubman he liked him. He knew Shubman liked him too, but he still wanted to hear it from Shubman himself. He could not wait.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman, on the other hand, was going out of his mind. The conversations with his manager and his dad would not leave his mind. He had spent an inordinate amount of time reviewing the pros and cons of everything said and occurred. He knew Virat bhai's trajectory, knew the ups and downs the man had to endure to become the person he was today. He wanted to be just as great as Virat was, Sachin sir was. Was he losing his chance at a greater life because of his choices?

And then there was the question of his love life. He was thunderstruck, when one of his and Sara's mutual friends had confessed that Sara was interested in him. He had not returned to Ishu that night, too conflicted by his feelings. He felt guilty when he spent time with Ishan; Ishan, who lit up when they kissed, who was fast becoming a firm part of his life. What about his relationship with Ishan? He thought about their careers - two men in a relationship, how will it affect them? Will anyone accept them? Will they ever be able to hold hands in public?

Shubman had a decision to make, and he had to make it fast.

A week later:

Today was the day, Ishan could feel it.

Okay, all Ishan could feel was anxiety, but he could push past it.

After a week of agonizing over his feelings, Ishan had decided to confess his feelings to Shubman. It was their day off, and he and Shubman were going to be absolutely alone in the evening, Ishan had made sure of it. He had rejected Shreya bhai when asked to hang out, Surya bhai's shopping expedition, and Harry bhai's offer to go clubbing. They knew he spoke for both him and Shubi, for which he was glad. He did not want to explain to Shubi why he had rejected all plans. Shubi was already stressed from the past few days, and this would only irritate him further.

He had prodded Shubi a little about his issues - Ishan was more than willing to support him or lend an ear, but Shubman seemed insistent it was nothing, and then promptly rolled over and fell asleep. Ishan hoped today would ease some of his worries.

As he waved goodbye to Harry and his teammates before retiring to their room, he made sure Shubman was not in the lobby or the gaming room. He swiped the necessary items from the concierge and took the lift to their floor.

When he entered the room, he heard the shower, which meant his plan was well on its way to working. He wanted to do something special, but he knew the media could smell scandal a mile away and would follow them; hence, the private celebration.

He quickly arranged the table with candles and flowers, arranged the milk cakes and assorted pastries he knew Shubman likes, and scattered some flowers all over. He dimmed the light to create a romantic setting, waiting for the nuisance he called his Shubi.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Shubman stepped out of the shower, he thought he had stepped into a film set. He looked around to see if he was hallucinating, but then something came running and was hugging him.

"Hi, baby."

It was Ishan, who was looking up at him with those doe eyes of his. Shubman looked around, and added two and two together.

Ishan wanted to spend some....romantic time together.

Ishan, who was wonderful and kind and funny and deserved everything good in the world. Ishan, who deserved someone who had his absolute loyalty, someone who did not have to choose, someone who would make his life easy.

Someone.....not Shubman.

Tears welled up in his eyes then, unbidden, and Shubman knew he was about to do the toughest thing in life.

He held Ishan by his arms, and put some distance between them.

"Ishan. Ishan, we need to talk..."

"I thought so too, which is why I wanted to surprise you with..."

"Ishan, I don't think we should do this."

"What are you talking about? I asked, we can have candles in the room, don't worry about it."

"ISHAN."

Ishan stopped rambling, and looked at Shubman in silence.

Shubman took a deep breath, brushed his hand over his eyes, and began,

"Ishan, you're my best friend - I don't want to imagine a life without you –"

"Me too, you must know..."

"Let me finish, please. I cannot continue this. WE cannot continue this, this....making out and making gooey eyes, and, and, and....this romantic surprise. Where are we going with this Ishu? Do we have a future? Two Indian cricketers - do you think we can ever be a couple? Who are we kidding? I don't want to lose you, so I think it is better if we stop. We can concentrate on our careers - you want to be the next Mahi bhai right? You can be Ishu, I believe in you. But we should stay together as friends."

Shubman was on a roll now.

"Do you have any idea what our parents will think, what our team, the fans, everyone will think? You understand what I am saying, right? I know you will agree Ishu - it's the best choice for everyone."

When Shubman looked at Ishan, he noticed Ishan staring at him with an expressionless face. In a hushed voice, knowing the answer was going to determine their friendship's future, Shubamn asked,

"Ishu, what do you think?"

What could Ishan do, but give Shubman whatever he desired - even if what he desired was threatening to tear Ishan in two? Ishan wanted to hold his head and pretend the last few moments had not happened, he wanted to hug Shubi, shake him and ask him why he was breaking Ishan's heart. He wanted everything to just....stop.

He wanted to voice his doubts, he wanted to promise Shubi that whatever problems may come, they will storm it together. But how could he, when Shubman seemed like he had already made up his mind?

He gathered all the strength left in him, tried to hold back the tears threatening to choke him, and blurted,

"You are right."

The sigh of relief from Shubman was a final blow to Ishan, who felt like the world was closing in on him; his ears were filled with a single high pitched sound, and then he could hear nothing but the beat of his own heart.

He blinked tears out of his eyes, mumbled a quick "I will see you", and walked out of the room and Shubman's life.

Guys, I will not be able to update for a few days.

Also, in this chapter, "not asking, not telling" refers to the US military service policy, if anyone is confused.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are a few moments in life, Ishan thinks, when you think you are inching a step toward normalcy, but end up two steps backward. The match, the dedication - it had drained Ishan. He had his family, Rahul bhai to console him - they all thought he missed cricket, he missed Shubman. He let them think so - because to explain his feelings would have drained him further.

Two days later, he still feels wrung out - he hasn't slept well, his injuries hinder his progress, and everything feels muted, somehow. He's just aimlessly scrolling through his phone, when Rohit bhai comes barreling in, followed by a loud thud of the door.

Ishan sits straight, startled.

"Bhai, how -"

"The next match is at Wankhede. Shubi-"

"Rohit bhai, I don't want to see him."

"But-"

"No. I am sorry bhai, but I really, really don't want to see him right now."

Rohit could see Ishan's dark circles, his drooped shoulders - all pointing toward how tired he was. He knew how agonizing it was to be confined to a place - he knew it was much worse for Ishan, who was infamous for never, ever sitting still. Still, he sensed that Ishan's tiredness wasn't all due to his injury.

He sighed, and took a seat next to the bed.

"Okay, no talking about Shubi."

He mimicked zipping his lips and throwing the key away, which earned him a laugh.

"Kaisa ha? Aur sach sach bata, ye 'I am fine' wala gaana mat baja mere saamne."

Ishan smiled, because hewasabout to say he was fine, but stopped short.

Ishan wanted to spill everything. He was tired - tired of lying, keeping his emotions at bay, at pretending.

"I'm.....I'm tired, bhai."

Ishan closed his eyes, not wanting Rohit bhai to see his eyes brimming with unshed tears. Rohit, on the other hand, was tired of heeding Virat's advice, who had asked him to keep mum and let the two idiots resolve the issue on their own. What they needed was a Rohit Sharma special whacking. Knowing Ritika would kill him if he laid a hand on her precious Ishu, Rohit decided to take a different approach.

"Ishan, kitne saal se jaante hai hum ek dusre ko? It's common knowledge that I have a soft spot for you, naughty kid that you are. But now it's time to give it to you straight - it's fine if you don't want to disclose anything - I am not asking and you are not telling - I hope you know what that means. But I want you to know that I support you, unequivocally. We all do. Whatever choice you make, we stand behind you and will face the consequences together. Duniya ka mat soch, it doesn't matter. But tu bas bata yaar, kya chupa raha hai itne dino se apne dil me?"

"Tujhe pata bhi hai teri haalat dekhke Virat aur mai kaise ho gaye ? Uparse the paramedic told us your eyes looked dead when they saved you - I want to know what happened, because you are my friend, but more than that - you are my family, and I need to know so I can protect you."

Ishan let his tears flow, in front of his Rohit bhai - his inspiration, his backbone....his family. Rohit gathered him in his arms, and tried soothing him like he did Sammy. Ishan held on tighter, as if he had been waiting for some physical contact all this while, and this thought broke Rohit, who wiped his own tears, and asked Ishan,

"Bata."

And so Ishan began.

"I thought he was something he wasn't bhai. I kept falling and falling and falling, and not once did I think about what would happen if there was no one to catch me. I fell, harder and deeper. He was....he was everything to me, but I clearly did not mean anything. He stepped away from me, as easy as breathing. I tried, bhai, you know? I tried being strong, tried keeping myself up, but I couldn't do it. How do you go from being someone's center of the universe to strangers? Everytime I saw him, his smile, his conversations - it was like a high pitched sound was taking over my senses - I couldn't breathe, I could not do anything, so I spent less and less time around him. I was addicted, and the withdrawal hurt like hell. I thought I would recover, slowly but surely, but then he started dating.

Here I was, wallowing in misery, and he had no qualms about breaking me. I woke up, every day, and cried my heart out. After a few days I didn't even know what I was crying about - I cried like babies cry. I went to bed crying too. Shreya bhai must have told you - I must have woken him up with my nightmares a lot of times because I could not stand sharing a room with.....him anymore. I felt like my world was ending, but then I saw Virat bhai training. I decided to put everything - my sorrows, my heartbreak, my anxiety - into training, and it did help. I knew I needed help, but cricket has always been my life and blood, and I thought it would heal me. It did, but to some extent I always knew I would remain broken all my life."

Ishan picked up a tissue and wiped his face, but the tears would not stop. He felt good voicing his emotions, and even though he had not blurted out the entire truth of their relationship to Rohit bhai, he knew bhai would read between the lines.

"I will forgive him, bhai. You know that, I know that - he is honest to a fault. But I cannot be his friend again, nor can I give him anymore of me - I don't think I have the strength to gather myself up again if he decides to leave again, if he decides to replace me or think I am not worth it. I am scared, Rohit bhai. I don't want to go through it again - it was so painful, that I wished I would die there and then every fucking day of my life, and I really, really, don't want to do it again."

Not knowing what to say, Rohit simply hugged his chota dhamaka, who bawled in his arms like a baby.

Unbeknownst to Ishan, Shubman stood outside the door, listening to the entire conversation with tears streaming down his cheeks.

He had arrived with Rohit to visit his Ishu, but had stopped to chat with Ishan's parents.

When Virat found him standing outside Ishan's door tearfully, he feared the worst. But Shubman just shook his head, and ran into Virat's bhai arms.

"Kya hua kaka? Ishu-"

"He's okay."

"Why are you crying then?"

Shubman sobbed even more at that, his tears soaking Virat's shirt.

"I've lost him forever bhai, forever."

"Can you please take a deep breath, and tell me exactly what happened?"

They were in a VIP visitor section of the hospital, and Virat was trying to understand what exactly had happened in the span of 15 minutes to make Shubman so distraught.

Shubman looked about 5 seconds away from having a complete meltdown, so Virat, ever the loving (!) mentor, placed a hand on his shoulder, and tried to persuade him to let it all out.

Shubman looked at Virat with tear stained eyes, rubbed them vigorously so he could see Virat clearly, and blurted out,

"He said I made him suicidal, that I was a drug he had tried so hard to cut out of his life. He– he went through unbearable pain because of me, bhai, because of my stupidity, and I was not there for him. I screwed him up, maybe for life. What kind of a person am I that I let him think death was easier than living? How could I do this? How can I ever forgive myself, let alone get him to forgive me? What do I do, bhai, what do I do..."

Shubman was bawling in Virat's arms now, his tears staining Virat's shirt; atleast Virat hoped it was only tears. He loved the kid, but a snotty Shubman was not something he wanted to deal with.

Alright, time for some Rohit-estyle tough love, thought Virat, and instantly grimaced. He vowed to never let Rohit know that he was about to use his technique; he would never hear the end of it.

He lifted Shubman's head from his shoulders and asked him, as calmly as he could,

"What were his exact words?"

Shubman scrunched his forehead in an effort to remember.

"He said he did not want to go through the pain of dying-esque feelings again, that he could never let me in for fear of me leaving again. He said he's too tired and does not have the strength to go through it again–"

"And do you plan to? Leave him again?"

"Ofcourse not, what kind of question is that? How could you even ask me–"

Virat smacked Shubman, hard, in the middle of his rant. Shubman looked at him, gobsmacked.

"How Ishan puts up with you, I have no idea. You idiot, he said he doesn't want to go through it again. If you are not going to put him through it again, how did you conclude that you lost him? He is hurt, he is upset - he is allowed to be. It's your job to show him that you don't plan on leaving, that he's stuck with you. Woo him, take care of him, show him you mean what you say - dikhade tu mera chela hai."

Shubman still looked stunned, so Virat rolled his eyes, and continued,

"Tell me something - what happened with Sara? I thought you liked her."

At this, Shubman turned sheepish and awkward.

"I–I thought so too. We were friends for so long, and I think I got swept up in the normalcy and obviousness of it all. Everyone around me kept hinting at us as a couple, my dad starting mapping out my future everytime I talked to him, and it kind of starting making sense.

I asked her out and she said yes, but she knew there was no spark there - I took a long time to figure it out. I didn't feel like sharing my daily to-dos with her, everything that happened, all the cool things I saw - she was not the one I wanted to share it with. I thought the feeling might disappear after a while, but it only got stronger. I missed Ishan, a lot. I craved his smile, his presence, but he found reasons to not be around me. I didn't know how to face him after what I had done, but staying away from him was agonizing. I-I fucked up, bhai. I fucked up."

"Yeah you did."

Shubman looked up at him then, surprised.

"What, I call them like I see them. You fucked up, big time. But the good thing is, all hope is not lost. I have seen the way you look at him, but more importantly, I see the way he looks at you - like a forbidden fruit that he craves but can never have. He steals glances at you when he thinks no one's looking, he keeps looking at the door awaiting your arrival....trust me, you both are goners. Now all you have to do is make him believe that you are forever, and make it stick."

"But that's the hardest part!"

"Didn't say it was going to be easy, Kaake!"

ICT won the series in Wankhede, and a lot of players came to visit Ishan and celebrate their victory, but something seemed amiss. Maybe it was the somber atmosphere after seeing their second teammate down with injuries, or maybe it was the usual hullaballu missing from the young patakha.

For his part, Ishan did try to cause mayhem with his antics from the confines of his bed, but it did not feel the same. He chalked it down to exhaustion, but when his eyes strayed to the door for the fourth time when Tilak and Shreya bhai came to visit, he knew kidaal me kuch kaala hai. It didn't help that every time he glanced at his phone or the door, Virat and Rohit wore matching smirks on their face, as if they knew something he didn't. He scowled at them, but only received hair ruffling in response.

Everyone spent time with Ishan, exchanged jokes and stories, and even smuggled fast food under the watchful eyes of the hospital.

Well, almost everyone.

Hehad not come - not alone, not with the team.

Hehad not even called, and even Ishan's parents had not asked abouthiswhereabouts.

Not that Ishan missed him - no sir, nuh uh, not at all.

But it was just so unlikehimthat Ishan suspected some antics on his part - maybe he is just waiting behind the closed door to jumpscare me, he thought, but no such thing happened.

It's good that he left, Ishan thinks one day (rather savagely, if the tissues he's shredding have anything to go by), atleast I won't expect anything from him or have to suffer through watching his face.

He was set to be released today, and his parents were leaving after getting him settled in. He knew arrangements had been made for his care, but he did not want to risk asking ifhewould be a part of it, lest it looked like Ishan cared.

He was glad to be finally out of the hospital after so long, to finally start his long road to recovery. Ishan's parents had made all the arrangement to transport him to his house, and he spent a blissful hour just whizzing past the city, drinking in the sights of the ordinary world.

He was almost sad the journey had ended, but equally glad to be home. He got down from the vehicle, and was wheeled by his dad, when his mom stopped him at the door.

"Aarati utaarni hai teri."

He readied himself to be smeared with vermillion and a million other things, but even in a million years he would never have expected Shubman to open the door, dimple on display, with athaaliin his hands.

Shubman bent down, applied ateekaon his forehead, and gleefully suggested,

"Muh toh band karo uncle."

Ishan promptly snapped his hanging jaw shut.

If Ishan thought a month in the hospital was grating, his time at home was beginning to sound torturous.

For starters, his parents had left about 5 minutes ago and Ishan was going to be stuck withhim-him, who had shocked Ishan when he opened the door to Ishan's house, who had apparently installed railings and what-not so Ishan could use his wheelchair easily, who had gone to drop his parents off at the airport, who had done all of this with that cheeky smile on his face, as if he wanted to do nothing else but play nurse to his injured best friend.

Correction.

Ex-bestfriend.

Ishan groaned out loud, and ran a frustrated hand through his hair. How was he supposed to spend days cooped up withhimof all people? Why didn't he persuade his parents to take him with them? How was he supposed to survive all this?

He fired a quick text to Rohit bhai.

"SOS - Gilli Danda to be a pain in the ass! Help needed!"

He received a reply moments later.

"You have all the help you need, stop being a baby."

To that, Ishan sent a pouty selfie which he knew would get him out of murder.

"You know, the hospital is going to send some staff to help out with band-aids and cleaning - should I ask them to not come? Shubi would look excellent in a nurse's outfit."

Ishan really, really hated his team sometimes.

When the door opened 40 minutes later, Ishan gave a long sigh, and got ready to face the torture.

Shubman looked chirpy as always, whistling as he removed his shoes, stretched a bit, and plopped on the sofa.

Ishan was not going to give him the satisfaction by opening his mouth first. He didn't have to wait long.

"You okay? Do you want to rest for a while?"

Ishan merely grunted in response, laser focused on the television in front of him. The next thing he knew, Shubman turned the wheelchair towards him rather rapidly, caging Ishan with his hands on both sides of the chair.

Shubman bent down, slowly, locking his eyes with Ishan, and calmly said,

"Okay - we can do this two ways - either you answer me and I will help you, or I can simply carry you in my arms and plonk you on the bed. The choice is yours."

Ishan wanted to answer, he really did, but something about the intense look in Shubman's eyes had rendered him speechless. He cleared his throat, and tried to answer, his voice small.

"I would–I would just watch the movie for now."

Shubman smirked at the color blooming on Ishan's cheeks, but decided to let it go for now. He sat down, a little smugly, and continued watching the movie.

The movie was a common favorite, and Shubman felt his eyes getting misty over how it was just like the old days - before they had parted ways, before Shubman almost lost Ishan over his stupidity - just two bestfriends hanging out, without a care in the world. Ishan, for his part, also looked relaxed for the first time in days, and Shubman made a silent prayers to the gods listening to always keep Ishan this relaxed.

After a while, Shubman checked his phone to see if Ishan's parents had called (they promised to keep him updated) and was startled to find that it was already lunch time.

He got up, and prepared two plates - the homemade food that Ishan's mother had prepared for him, and the hospital mandated food for Ishan.

He set the plate in front of Ishan, whose attention was quickly diverted to Shubman's steaming hot and delicious plate of food.

"Ishu, you know you cannot eat that."

"But–"

"Sweetheart - you have two options - either you eat your nutritious plate of food, or I feed it to you."

Ishan scampered to gather his plate, and promptly began shoveling food in his mouth, all while shooting a nasty look at Shubman.

He thought 'my cutu patakha' in his mind but said "Eat or I feed you", never one to back down when Ishan behaved this way.

He's just so easy to rile up, Shubman thought, a little smile gracing his lips, which promptly disappeared when Ishan glared at him once more.

Ishan was in heaven - he could smell the aroma wafting from the Phulauri, Dudhauri, and Pakoras kept in front of him. He could not wait to dive into it - but wait, where was his mom's famous chutney that he absolutely could not do without? He looked around, and was just about to reach for it when...

"Wake up wake up wake up wake up!"

Ishan woke up, startled, only to find the delectable dishes and their aroma go poof in the air. Frustrated, he rubbed his eyes to sweep the sleep away, and tried to muster the patience to not kill the idiot who had woken him up from his foodie dreamland.

"Ishu, Ishu? Are you decent? Can I come in?"

Ishan rolled his eyes, but muttered a quick 'come in', just in time to see a golden retriever puppy masquerading as a human come barreling into his room.

Who in their right mind is this happy to wake up early? On a holiday as well!

"You know, I was sleeping very deeply. It's rude to wake up people who need sleep to heal."

"You slept for 14 hours straight, I was going to call the ambulance if you slept for 5 more minutes. C'mon, up up up! We don't want your muscles cramping up - we have a long day ahead - you have 2 appointments and a preliminary meeting with our physio as well. Your breakfast awaits, my liege."

Ishan wanted to be annoyed - he really did, but with such logic laid out, even he couldn't find anything to argue about. He signaled to Shubi that he needed help shifting from the bed to the wheelchair, which Shubi did help him with, but not before cheekily stating,

"You know, you don't need to get a sponge bath at the hospital - I would happily lather you up."

Ishan was so shocked that the grip on his bed faltered, but he quickly recovered and sent an annoyed look toward Shubi.

"Just help me with the chair, will you?"

"Yes, my sunshine."

Neither of them commented on the blush on Ishan's cheeks.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the day came to an end, Ishan was well and truly tired. Between the numerous tests, exercises, traveling, and constant poking and prodding, Ishan could not wait to get into bed and sleep. Thankfully, Shubman seemed to sense his tiredness, so he simply gave him a simple dinner, helped him to the bed, and switched off the lights.

Shubman was watching the television in the living room in the wee hours of the night, when he heard noises from Ishan's room. Concerned, he switched the television off and meandered over to his room. He opened the door slowly, carefully not to spook Ishan lest he scare him, but found Ishan muttering in his sleep.

Worried that Ishan might injure himself, Shubman slowly walked toward the bed, and tried waking Ishan up with tiny shakes.

"Ishan, Ishu....wake up."

"Hmmmgnng."

"Ishan, you have to wake up, c'mon now."

Ishan opened his eyes slowly, the haze of sleep quite clear in his eyes. Shubman looked concerned, and was just about to touch his forehead to feel for a temperature, when Ishan grabbed Shubman's collar, jerked him forward, and kissed him.

He gripped Shubman's collar tightly, unwilling to let go, as he laid back on bed, taking Shubman with him. Ishan bit his lips, demanding entrance, and Shubman, too stunned to react appropriately, just parted his lips. Ishan's tongue surged forward, and plundered Shubman's mouth, and Shubman was helpless to do anything else but go with the flow.

"Kaha gaya tha? Tere bagair neend nai aati pata hai na tujhe?"

Ishan's body seemed to behave on autopilot, as he weaved his hands through Shubman's hair, pressing him to Ishan a little more. The added pressure only seemed to spur Ishan more, who moaned and trailed kisses down Shubman's throat.

Shubman's brain had shut down, too stunned with the realization that Ishan was in his arms, that Ishan was kissing him. He gripped Ishan's face to hold him in place, as the intensity of the kiss sent shivers down his spine. Ishan's moans sounded like music to his ears, and he wanted to exact those voices out of him forever. His dick had finally gotten the memo, all thanks to the delicious friction Ishan seemed hell bent on replicating, and he could feel himself grow bigger in his pants. He scooched a little forward, and the resulting friction earned him a whimper from Ishan, who started rolling his hips in earnest.

That seemed to jolt Shubman out of his trance, and he tried to extract his face from Ishan's grip. Ishan was clearly dreaming, and Shubman felt like a creep taking advantage of him. He removed Ishan's hands from his hair, and shook him a little strongly.

"Ishan, ISHAN! Wake up!"

Ishan's eyes instantly cleared of the haze that had enveloped them, and when he blinked his eyes, he was shocked to see Shubman over him, a concerned expression on his face. His mouth looked ravaged, and the tent in his pants was clear even in the dim light.

He pushed Shubman off the bed, and yelled,

"What the hell dude? What do you think you are doing? Didn't I tell you to not touch me?"

"Hey, I just came to wake you because you were muttering in your sleep and I was worried you would hurt your leg. You were the one who groped me."

"Whatever dude, I was clearly in sleep. Why didn't you wake me up?"

At this, Shubman fell silent, which was all the ammunition Ishan needed.

"Why did you touch me? Did I not explicitly state that I did not want to be touched? Why? WHY?"

Shubman exploded.

"Because I missed you, okay! I missed touching you, being near you! Do you know how much time it has been since I last got to touch you? I should have stopped early, I know, but god, Ishu, I cannot stay away from you - I need you."

"You need me? YOU NEED ME? Where were you when I needed you? Where were you? In the arms of another, that's where? Did you once, just once, think how I would feel? Did you think what I would go through, seeing you touching someone else, hugging someone else, looking at them, smiling at them, did you think it was easy for me? TELL ME!"

"I–"

"You are asking me how long it's been since you touched me? Do you know how long it's been for me? You must have loved having a perfectly acceptable girlfriend to hug and kiss and cuddle? Me? I was in hell - I craved your touches, your kisses, your scent. WHERE WERE YOU THEN? And why are you here now? Aren't you cheating on your girlfriend just by being here?"

"You know we broke up."

"Why would I know this? Do I look like I care about what goes on in your life? Newsflash, I don't. Please, please get out. I don't want to see your face."

"But–"

"OUT!"

Shubman spent the entire night turning and twisting, until he gave up on sleep altogether, and went out for a run. He wanted to get out of the house, away from Ishan and his alluring lips. No, bad Shubi, he chided himself when his thoughts strayed again, and shook his head to get rid of inappropriate thoughts.

He ran for miles, and when his body could not take it anymore, he plopped down on the ground, and gulped air greedily. His thoughts were in a disarray, and the lack of sleep had not helped. He needed help, and he needed help fast.

Di? No, she would come boink me on the head and kick me in the crotch for good measure.

He was dismayed to notice that usually Ishan was the person he used to go to for such advice. Not that Ishan wouldn't boink Shubman on the head, but he would say something so profound yet easy that Shubman would just stare in awe at how cool Ishan was.

Well, that was out of the option.

He could call Surya bhai, but he was really not in a mood to be made fun of.

His last options were two guys he knew had the best relationships he had come across - Rohit bhai and Virat bhai.

Rohit bhai would kill him if he woke him up this early, so Virat bhai it was.

Virat bhai picked up on the first ring.

"What did you do?"

"Bhai, it's Shubman."

"Okay, what did he do?"

"Bhai, c'mon, how do you know I did something?"

"Why else would you call me at 6 in the morning? You sleep even later than Rohit, and that's saying something."

"Hey! I just like my sleep, okay?"

"Yeah, yeah - so what did you do?"

"Bhai, I–"

"C'mon, spit it out, I don't have all day."

"I fucked up a little bit. Uh, a lot actually. But I wasn't the only one responsible - it's his fault as well!"

"What is with you two?"

Shubman could just hear Virat bhai's eye rolls.

"Okay, I don't want to know what you guys did - but say sorry. It's not rocket science. Say you are sorry, and mean it. Do you know how many times I have fucked it up? Tons, and I still don't get it right most days. The important thing is to show up, everyday. If you love someone, show up during the good days and the bad, nothing else matters. And don't worry, Ishu is wayy easy to console than Anushka. But don't tell her that!"

Shubman muttered a quick thanks, and pondered over Virat's words. Saying sorry, he could do that. But Ishan needed more - Ishan deserved more.

He picked up his phone, and dialed a number.

He was home in an hour or so - he quickly whipped up breakfast for Ishan and went to take a shower. He didn't think he was ready to face Ishan yet so he took his merry time getting ready, and when he finally came out, he was glad to see the plates emptied. He grabbed a smoothie for himself, and set to work.

—-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ishan could hear Shubman rummaging around the house all morning and afternoon, but he dared not venture out. The midnight fiasco had left him embarrassed, so he wallowed in misery inside his room all morning. He knew it was not fully Shubman's fault, and he was angrier at himself for forgetting himself and making out with Shubi as if it was an everyday occurrence. He had sat in bed last night, blaming his mind and his body for reacting the way it did - as if the past 8 months had not happened. He was glad Shubman was not initiating conversation or forcing him to participate in whatever activity he had cooked up, but as lunchtime grew nearer, his growling belly eventually forced him to come out of hiding.

When he opened the door, he was instantly hit with the aroma of his favorite foods, and for one wild moment, he thought his mom had come back, so he wheeled himself to the dining room and stopped short.

Shubi was laying out something on the dining table, wearing aprons with.....ducks on it? Ishan was trying his hardest to understand the scene before him, but no words came to mind.

Shubman spotted him, and for one moment they both just looked at each other, remembering what had happened the last time they had been face-to face. The moment stretched, until Shubman cleared his throat, and motioned for him to come forward.

"So, uh, I cooked something. I know you miss home cooked food, so I called your mom and got some recipes - I hope it's okay. I consulted the doctors and adjusted everything, so don't worry about the cholesterol and stuff."

For a second, Ishan's mind was stuck. Shubman had done all of this? He proceeded to wheel himself toward the dining table, where Shubman served him his favorite pakoras, litti chokha, and some dessert that looked suspiciously like Dudhauri.

"Um, I didn't make the dessert, sorry. It would have taken a day and I only had a few hours, so I had to order it."

Ishan did not know what to say, so he did what he did best - he attacked his food.

In no time, Ishan had demolished half the food - Shubman tried to get him to slow down, but worried that Shubman might swipe the food for the bland nutritional crap he was served, he quickly gobbled it all down.

And then he remembered his manners.

"Uh, thanks, it was.....it was very nice. Thank you."

Shubman's eyes lit up as if he had scored a century, and he blushed under the praise.

"I am just glad you liked it. I know I can't replicate your mom's cooking, but...I just wanted you to have something of home."

Not knowing what to say, Ishan just gave him a small smile, and proceeded to his room.

As the day went on, they became less embarrassed around each other - they watched some mindless television together, all lazed out, and even shared a fruit platter. It was not totally gone, though, as they were yet to address the elephant in the room.

It was Shubman who gathered the courage, while watching television.

"So....about yesterday....."

Ishan instantly clammed up, intent on hearing what Shubman had in store.

"I am sorry Ishu, it was wrong of me to take liberties with you. I should have had better control, and I promise it won't happen again. I am here to take care of you, and your comfort is always #1. I am sorry."

"I....I am sorry too. I initiated it, and I put all the blame on you, that was wrong of me."

"Truce?"

Ishan turned to see Shubman holding a pinkie for him to shake, which earned him an eye roll and a soft 'I am not a 5-year old'.

To which Shubman replied,

"Then why do you eat like one?"

All he received was a pillow to his face instead of a retort, but he was forgiven and Ishan had a smile on his face, so all was well again.

Life was...considerably easy after.

Shubman still helped Ishan with his appointments, with bouts of relentlessly stupid jokes that never landed and a throng of movies, while Ishan responded with harmless insults and a small smile now and then.

There was still an unspoken agreement to never talk about what had happened, how their bodies had come alive under fervent touches. They both relived those moments in the late hours of the night, when they yearned for one touch, one hug...one moment.

Today, Ishan woke up mildly irritated. He had grown his beard to look a little rugged, but now it had become so long that he could pack for a trip to the himalayas and no one would bat an eyelash. He had trouble getting a clean shave due to his injuries, and the hospital nurse was not due for another day.

He bit into an apple, but when it tasted stale, he threw it a little angrily. Shubman startled for a second due to the noise, and then asked,

"Hey, what's wrong?"

Ishan scratched his beard a little, and sheepishly admitted,

"I want to shave my beard, but I can't do it and the hospital guy is not due till tomorrow. It itches, a lot!"

"Why don't you trim it a little?"

"I tried - there's wounds on my face as well. They hurt."

Shubman smiled at how cute Ishan looked, all frustrated, and came up with a bright idea.

"I'll help you."

"You? Do you even know how to shave? Baal aate bhi hai kya tumko?"

Shubman threw a throw pillow at Ishan's head at that, which prompted a wounded puppy look from Ishan.

Shubman, unfazed, continued.

"Look, do you want me to shave you or not?"

Ishan rolled his eyes, but finally relented.

"Fine, but you better not shave my eyebrows."

"Maybe just the one?"

The answering pillow to Shubman's stomach hurt just a little.

Shubman wheeled Ishan to the master bathroom, and gathered everything necessary. He stood at the side, and placed a hand on Ishan's neck to tilt it backward. Ishan shivered at the contact, but chalked it up to the cool air. Shubman placed a thick towel between Ishan's neck and the wash basin, and washed the razor with laser focus.

"Alright, I'll give your beard a trim first, and then we can go in with a shave, okay?"

"You're not a celebrity stylist Shubi, just get on with it."

Immensely glad that Ishan had called him 'Shubi' after what seemed like forever but not wanting to show his glee lest Ishan never say it again, Shubman simply proceeded to shush him.

"Hey, I am holding the razor, so shut it."

Ishan promptly complied, indicating Shubman to continue.

Shubman adjusted the trimmer setting, and got to work on Ishan's face. Chunks of hair began falling, and Shubman expertly maneuvered the trimmer to work on getting rid of all the length. When Ishan tried fidgeting as his neck started cramping, Shubman swiftly caught his chin in hand to hold him still. The resulting action meant Ishan now had no other option but to look at Shubman, who had the same concentrating expression on his face he wore during cricket training sessions. Ishan was so mesmerized watching Shubman work that he was surprised (and a little disappointed) when Shubman went,

"Ta-da! All done."

"Oh. All done?"

"Yeah, I mean, there's still shaving left, but now atleast you don't look like you have ridden the bus from the neanderthal age."

"How dare you - there were no buses then."

Shubman burst into laughter at the exchange, which seemed to ease some of the tension of the past few days.

"Just wash your face with hot water, dumbass."

As much as Ishan wanted to lie to himself, he knew he had missed this - the easy banter, the familiarity - pain had carved a permanent place for itself inside his heart, but these moments turned that pain into manageable aches. He was still not ready to welcome Shubman back into his life, but if he could have this, he'll gladly grab it.

Ishan was grabbed out of his reverie by a hand on his face, and he looked up to see Shubman tilting his face for a better angle. His touch felt like a caress, the feeling heightened with the way his beard scruff felt rough against Shubman's hand. Shubman must have felt something too, because his breathing suddenly got heavier, and he could not help but steal a glance at Ishan's tempting lips.

A faint blush bloomed on Shubman's cheeks, and he removed his hand as if burned. He applied the cream, and began moving the razor with a delicate precision. Ishan could do nothing but hold his breath, partly because of the razor, but also because being this close to Shubman made his head swim. He gripped his chair tightly, because he was not sure what his hands would do if left to their own devices.

Shubman, for his part, knew that he could not afford any distractions, not when Ishan's pretty face was at stake. He ignored the effects of Ishan's unique scent, and traced the contours of his jawline with the razor, making sure to linger as long as possible, not knowing when he would be awarded the opportunity to be this close again.

There was only so much of Ishan's face to be shaved, so Shubman reluctantly backed away.

"Done! See, even your eyebrows are intact."

"They better be, they're my most outstanding feature."

"No, that would be your mouth."

Shubman instantly cursed his motor mouth, but it was worth seeing Ishan's flummoxed impressions as he tried to try and contain his surprise.

Shubman decided to help the poor sod out.

"C'mon, freshen up, I want to kick your ass at Fortnite."

Ishan knew that when it came to trolls, the best thing to do was ignore them. They were a dime a dozen with nothing to do except dump their thoughts for all to see. He? He could take it - the hateful comments, the trolls - but he never could be quiet when it came to his team; he would defend them to death.

He had been scrolling through social media, bored of being cooped up in the house when he noticed a pattern - every other post seemed to be bashing Shubman. Normally he would ignore it, but something kept nagging in the back of his mind. Most of the comments seemed centered toward Shubman's lack of training on the grounds, and with his cramping issues, the question was this - could he afford to be out of the ground in his prime?

Ishan never thought he would ever say this, but the trolls were right. Ishan had a long road ahead to recovery, but Shubman needed to practice, and staying here was only impeding that. Although Shubman seemed perfectly content lazing around and taking care of Ishan all day, Ishan knew it was his responsibility to put some sense into him.

For the country's sake, of course.

Making up his mind, he decided to broach the topic that evening.

"When are you resuming training?"

Shubman looked up from his phone, caught off guard as Ishan almost never initiated conversation. He kept his phone down, and thought a bit.

"There's still time for the next tournament, and I can't very well leave you alone. Your sorry ass would miss me too much."

Ishan rolled his eyes at that, but kept on going.

"You need to practise, dude, you know it, I know it."

"Fine, fine. What do you suggest?"

"You can start tomorrow - I have already talked to the coach and he'll set up the sessions for you."

"And what will his highness do when he is left alone, injured, all day?"

Ishan turned sheepish.

"Uh, about that..."

Uh oh, thought Shubman. Something doesn't feel right.

"Aditi's in town - I invited her to hang out tomorrow. I was going to postpone but she leaves tomorrow evening."

"Oh."

Shubman felt a strange swooping sensation in his stomach - as if he had gotten hit with Bumrah's bowling.

"Oh. Alright. Good, good. You guys will hang out together. Good - friends meeting, hanging out, good good."

Shubman was aware he was rambling, but try as he might, he could not get his mouth to stop.

He stood up abruptly, and said,

"Well, I am off to sleep - early start tomorrow, with the practise and all. 'Night."

Ishan thought it weird the way Shubman was behaving, but replied with 'night' and continued watching his show.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman was fidgety the next morning, checking and rechecking the locks, writing down all emergency numbers for Ishan, showing him where the exit was ('It's my house, you idiot', Ishan had shouted), and packing his food and tablets.

Sensing Shubman panicking, Ishan calmly said,

"Shubman, relax. Contrary to popular belief, I am an adult and I can take care of yourself. Honestly, you are worse than my mother sometimes."

He received a flick on the head for that, but just then, the bell rang, so Shubman ran to open the door.

And came face to face with an angel.

Well, she went by Aditi, but it was easy to mistake her for an angel because of how radiant she looked. Her smile brightened when she saw Shubman, and she stood on her tip toes to hug him.

"Hi, Shubman, long time huh?"

"Huh? Oh yeah. Good to see you. Come in, come in."

Shubman led her inside, where upon seeing Ishan, Aditi instantly ran over to engulf Ishan in a suffocating hug.

Shubman felt like someone was squeezing his heart, with the way Ishan and Aditi were giggling and hugging each other.

How rude, he thought, he was right there but they were ignoring him. Well, fine! He had a million other things to do than to watch the both of them fawn over each other.

"ISHAN."

Both Ishan and Aditi looked over in surprise, so Shubman lowered his voice a little.

"There's food, and your medicine is divided by dosage. Don't do anything that would pull your your stitches."

This, was said in a pointed look at Ishan, but it was Aditi who spoke up.

"Don't worry Shubi, Ishu is in good hands."

Shubman hated every word of that sentence.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman was sure he had never had a more brutal training session, not even when he was a kid and knew the ABCs of cricket. He was distracted all day, had narrowly avoided a lot of balls hitting him, and was constantly snippy. Coach was used to dealing with cricketers who behaved like school children, so all he said was 'get your head unfucked' and left it at that.

But how could he, when Ishan and Aditi were probably giggling over wedding magazines, choosing rings and dresses? The thought made Shubman so upset that he crushed the bottle he was holding, which made the youngsters practicing with him scram. He knew he was being irrational, Ishan and Aditi were good friends, and it's not like he had any say in Ishan's decisions, but it still hurt.

As if leaving Ishan alone was bad enough, but the fear that Ishan may have finally found someone who did not destroy him and that Shubman was too late was what kept his heart thumping loudly.

After his training, he rushed into his car, desperate to get to Ishan. He drummed his fingers anxiously the entire ride home, and pressed the buzzer impatiently once he reached the door.

To his surprise, it was Ishan who opened the door.

He looked, well, he looked as Shubman had left him - alive and unhurt.

Shubman simply drank in the sight in front of him, still at the door. Ishan, for his part, seemed transfixed by whatever he saw in Shubman's eyes, neither moving from their spot.

It was only Aditi's voice from another room that broke their staring contest.

"You alright?"

"Yea, but I should be asking you that. Did you run here?"

"Uh, no. Just....the training."

"Well, freshen up. Aditi's just leaving anyways."

Just then, Aditi came bounding from the other room, ready to go. She hugged Ishan goodbye, and whirled around toward Shubman. She walked a little closer to him, and with a knowing smile, whispered,

"Take care of him. If you hurt him again, you'll have me to answer to."

Maybe he could learn to like Aditi after all.

"I will."

Shubman was no stranger to pain - he knew the only way forward, the only way to truly gain something was to push your body to its limits; there was no other way to achieve the impossible. Seeing his beloved in pain, though, was an entirely different matter.

As Ishan's wounds were slowly healing, even his plaster was supposed to come off in the next 10-15 days, the doctor had suggested slowly weaning him from the painkillers - natural healing was the best and it would help his organs stay healthier. Ishan had agreed, and his dosage was gradually decreased. Today, he was off his painkillers a 100%, and it showed on his face.

He tried to be brave about it - he watched shows, played video games enthusiastically, even practiced his physiotherapy exercises - but his face showed how much it cost him to stay upright.

Shubman kept asking if he wanted to continue the meds for a few more days; even the doctor had said it would be okay, but Ishan, being Ishan, had refused and carried on through the pain. Shubman kept trying to distract Ishan with his training stories, video calls with the team, and even asked Ishan if he wanted to get some fresh air, but nothing worked. Ishan was in so much pain that even the oil-free dinner that Shubman fed him was gulped down without a complaint, and when he muttered something about sleep helping, Shubman let him go, a concerned frown marring his face.

Just around midnight, when Shubman was just about to go to bed, he heard sniffles from Ishan's room. Worried, he knocked once and entered swiftly, his heart breaking at the scene in front of him. Ishan, lay on bed, clearly in pain, with tears streaming down his face. He had bit his lips to keep his whimpers in check, but his bloodshot eyes gave it all away.

"Ishan, Ishu...c'mon, let's just call the doctor and take the meds - you will feel better."

"No! I don't want to - it will happen sooner or later, and I don't want to rely on medicine all my life - you know what happens when cricketers do that."

Shubman understood his logic, he really did, but tell that to his heart, which was breaking with every tear making its way down Ishan's face.

Shubman was stuck, he didn't know how to make his friend feel better - he wanted to hug him, comfort him, but the last time they touched each other in this bed had been disastrous, and Shubman wanted to be respectful of Ishan's boundaries.

"Okay, what if - and please feel free to kick me out if you don't like it - I stay here and we prank call people?"

Ishan brightened at that, and the image was so hilarious that Shubman quietly laughed at it - my little shaitan, he thought amusedly.

He was just about to sit on the chair next to Ishan when Ishan abruptly stated,

"Uh, it's better if you sit next to me, I can't see your phone, what with your giraffe height and everything."

Shubman was pleasantly surprised that Ishan was allowing this liberty, but not wanting to look a gift horse in the mouth, he nodded and sat on the other side of Ishan's bed.

"Okay, who's the first bakra?"

"Call Yuzi bhai and tell him it's Hardik and we are waiting downstairs to go to a club."

"C'mon, really?"

"Ugh, Shubi, live a little!"

Saying so, Ishan snatched the phone from Shubman's hand, dialed Yuzi, and waited.

"Hiya Yuzi, sunn - party me jaana hai jaldi tayyar ho ja."

Yuzi, clearly awoken from his slumber, irritatedly replied,

"Abbe kaun hai itni raat ko pareshan kar rahe ho?"

"Apne harry bhai ko itna jaldi bhool gaye - I am hurt Yuzi, I am really, really hurt!"

Shubman was laughing his ass off as Ishan proceeded to do the most hilarious impersonation of Harry, and it seems even Yuzi was starting to believe him.

"Uh, Harry bhai kya tum bhi, itna kaha jaana hai tumko?"

"Abe chal na - naach hai gaana hai ladkiya hai aur kya hi chahiye - hum neeche hai jaldi aa chal!"

He could hear bhabhi in the background, asking what happened, to which Yuzi gave a clumsy, "there's some issue I have to go" excuse and got up.

When he came down 5 minutes later and spoke, "Abbe saalo kaha ho?", Ishan pretended to not hear him and said,

"Bhai tera network thik nai hai phone speaker pe kar."

Yuzi complied, and was instantly punished for it when Ishan shouted,

"Kya Yuzi, club jaane ka itna kya excitement hai ki biwi ko jhooth bolke 5 minutes me tayyar bhi ho gaye?"

Shubman couldn't control his laughter then, which only grew when he heard bhabhi on the balcony, shouting,

"Club? Tum aao, tum upar aao abhi khabar leti hu tumhari!"

Ishan and Shubman could not control their laughter, but promptly cut the phone lest they get in trouble. Shubman experienced one of those moments where everything faded away, and only Ishan and his unabashed laughter were the only things he could see clearly. He missed this, the way Ishan laughed with his entire body. It had seemed like those laughs were now reserved for everyone who was not Shubman, which made him cry sometimes, but this more than made up for it - because here they were in their own world, where no one could steal Ishan from him, and his laughs were for him.

To make sure Ishan did not stop laughing, Shubman started regaling him with more hilarious tales - Mahi bhai pranking Jaddu by pretending to be his wife, the time Shahneel had put hair removing cream in his shampoo, the time he had broken his teeth running behind the chaat wala, the time his towel had come undone in front of some guests - and Ishan laughed as he had not laughed for a quite a while, and for a while, all was okay.

When Ishan started yawning in between, Shubman decided it was time to end the day, and began to climb out of the bed.

"C'mon, you need your beauty sleep, I have many more embarrassing stories to share later."

"Uh.."

Sensing some hesitance, Shubman prodded a little.

"What happened? What is it? Are you in pain?"

"I...uh, would you mind staying with me for a while? It'll be easy to fall asleep while talking. I mean, if you are comfortable.."

Comfortable? Shubman would kill with his bare hands if it meant he got to stay with Ishan for a moment more. Ishan had no idea how crazy Shubman was for him, how restrained he had kept himself. But he didn't want to frighten Ishan with his intensity, so he settled for this.

He scooched a little closer, while Ishan, in a surprising move, threw his blanket over Shubman's legs.

"So your legs would not freeze; I know how ice cold your feet get," he explained a little embarrassed, but the pink on his cheeks kind of gave him away.

They both got comfortable, Shubman put on a light-hearted comedy, and they started talking about anything and everything. After a while, while Shubman was scrolling through his gallery for a hilarious photo he had taken of Rahul bhai, he suddenly noticed the weight of a head on his shoulder. Afraid of making a sudden move, he slowly moved his neck to see Ishan's head nestled comfortably; Shubman, fearful of repeating his past mistake, calmly said,

"Ishan, are you sleeping?"

A soft voice replied.

"No."

And then.

"Is this okay?"

Shubman's heart broke a little at the vulnerability in Ishan's voice. He knew the grief he had caused his Ishu, so much so that he had to now ask permission to lay on his Shubi.

"It's perfect."

In response, Ishan simply snuggled closer.

Noticing his shivering hands, Shubman changed the AC settings, but when that did not work, he asked,

"Ishan, uh...is it alright if I hold your hands? You are shivering."

"Seriously? That's your best line? You got no game, Gill."

"Hey, I got plenty of game - I got you, didn't I?"

Ishan didn't say anything, but simply put his hands on Shubman's.

Shubman started massaging them, trying to impart some warmth into Ishan's hands. He was glad to see Ishan's face gradually losing some of the grimaces and put his head over Ishan's to be closer.

If I died today, Shubman thought a little hysterically, I would be totally fine with it.

Ishan never understood gym rats - he got in, did his routine, and got out - people who flexed their muscles, obsessed over every cut and every calorie freaked him out. More than the influencers with a camera, people who talked about gym 24/7 were worthy of a tape over their mouths, Ishan thought. They were vain, they were...

"Complain however much you want in your mind, with your mouth - we are doing this."

Ishan scowled - it had been a few days since his plasters were removed, and he could now move a bit more freely. His wounds were healing rapidly, his latest MRI had remained unchanged, and it was now time for his body to regain his mobility and muscles. Shubman had (a little too enthusiastically) volunteered to take over his basic mobility exercises, and was now dragging him to his home gym; hence, the scowl.

Honestly, Ishan was looking forward to beginning his fitness routine, but spending time with Shubman was fast becoming an inconvenience. Shubman was trying his hardest to crumble the walls Ishan had built around him - he cooked whatever Ishan liked, took care of him, held him, wiped his tears, and, on one embarrassing occasion, even put him to sleep. All this, with a smile on his face, as if he wanted nothing more than tending to Ishan of all the exciting adventures in the world. It was frustrating for Ishan, and more often than not, he wanted to lash out at Shubman, cut him deeply, but even the thought of Shubman crying made Ishan want to crash land with another plane.

So yes, Ishan was vexed, and it did not help when Shubman piled on the care - like today, for example. He was carrying Ishan's bag, and even opened the car door for him like the chivalrous gentleman he was.

When they reached Shubman's house, Ishan was hit with a sense of deja vu - he remembered a time when they could not keep their hands to each other in this very house - all of it seemed like a faraway dream now. Ishan closed his eyes for a moment, waiting for the pain of memories to hit him, but was surprised when only a trickle was felt. Annoyed, he opened his eyes, but wished he hadn't - because Shubman had changed into his gym clothes.

Specifically, a compression tee and shorts that showed off his toned body.

Ishan felt like the air in the room had been sucked out. A normal Shubman was too much for Ishan's senses; a toned, tight-tee Shubman was bound to give Ishan arrhythmia on sight. Ishan could feel his palms getting sweaty, his mouth dry, and his breathing labored, but he was determined not to give Shubman the satisfaction of watching him squirm. He stood still, waiting for Shubman to make the first move.

Shubman moved around the room, testing the weights, sorting his equipment, but his steps had a swagger, as if he knew the effect he was having on Ishan. There was a perpetual smirk on his face, as if he could smell Ishan's arousal from where he stood. Ishan wanted to wipe that smirk off his face, preferably with his fist.

He settled for talking.

"So are we going to exercise or are we waiting for the GQ photographers?"

Shubman's dimples deepened at that. Blinking slowly, he walked toward Ishan, but made no movement to slow down. Ishan watched Shubman come close, then closer, and closer. Sensing he was not going to stop, he matched Shubman's steps backward, until his back hit a wall.

Shubman still made no move to back down. Instead, he caught the neck of his tee, and yanked it off in one jerk. Ishan gulped and strained to not let his eyes wander down, where he knew toned, mouthwatering abs awaited him. Unfortunately, the only option left for Ishan was to look up, where two black orbs were waiting to drown him.

Shubman was the one half-naked, but if his hooded eyes were anything to go by, Ishan was the one in danger of getting devoured. Shubman was close, too close, with his body radiating too much heat, and his breath coming in short spurts, as if being close to Ishan was wreaking havoc on his senses too. Ishan felt like he needed to do something, anything, otherwise he would do something dangerously impulsive, like lick a strip across Shubman's abs, or bend him over the barbell and fuck him until he begged.

After a few moments, Shubman bent down a little (too close, Ishan thought a little frantically), and whispered,

"Raise your hands for a wall slide, baby."

Ishan was finding it difficult to remember his own name at the moment, but he jogged his memory for a 'wall slide' and slowly raised his arms.

"Very good. Up? Good, now hold it."

Ishan took a deep breath to get rid of the fog dissipated in his mind, but all it did was give him a lungful of Shubi, which meant his head was swimming in citrus, fresh laundry, and a scent that can only be described as 'unique Shubi'.

He slowly pushed himself downward, taking care to not move his arms, and Shubi moved in tandem. His pelvis brushed against Ishan's stomach, which swooped like a 12 year-old girl with a crush.

Get a grip, he told his libido.

You get a grip, preferably on that sinful waist, his libido supplied, unhelpfully.

They continued this dance, with Ishan becoming more delirious by the moment. Their breaths mingled, and Shubman's choked out '9, 10, 11' became more and more whispered hushes. Shubman's pupils were dilated, and his grip on the wall threatened to leave claw marks.

Suddenly, Shubman snaked a hand through Ishan's waist and pulled him flush against himself.

"You alright?"

Ishan feared that he would burst into flames if he stayed close to Shubman for a moment more, so he hurriedly disentangled himself and shot an annoyed look at Shubman.

"Shut up, your sweat is all over me!"

He started wiping himself with a washcloth when Shubman's voice reverberated in the silent room.

"Ishan."

"Hmm?"

"Tshirt hatake paseena chaatega?"

Shubman couldn't even be upset when a cloth was hurled at his head.

"X-ray reports."

"Check."

"Medication."

"Check."

"Physiotherapy equipment."

"Check."

"Your brain."

"Ch–hey!"

Shubman laughed and expertly dodged a pillow. They were packing Ishan's bags - he was getting on a flight home today. Arrangements were already made to transfer his care to a local hospital, and his health had finally permitted him to travel normally instead of being airlifted (Shubman had been a strong advocate for it, but one look from Ishan had shut him up).

Shubman would be leaving for home tomorrow - he had (2)homes to lock up, appointments to keep, and gifts to buy (this, for Shahneel, who had kept their parents off Shubman's back). He had obsessed over Ishan's departure for days - checking and rechecking everything, confirming if Ishan really was healthy enough to travel alone, and making up excuses to accompany Ishan to his home (Shubman had not been able to put a fight when Ishan said, "I am not an invalid!" in a broken voice, as if he wanted to prove something to himself.)

Shubman was not ready.

He was not ready to go home.

He was not ready for Ishan to go home.

He was not ready for this bubble of normalcy to burst.

Shubman was not ready to face reality.

So he hid, behind not-so-funny jokes, excuses, obsessive checks, and impromptu freaking-out texts to Shahneel about how Ishan seemed ecstatic over leaving him.

Ishan's face in his periphery brought him back.

Ishan stood in front of him.

His face looked tired for some reason, even though he had been excited beyond words ever since he had gotten the green signal from the doctors to go home.

He licked his lips, unsure how to start.

"Shubman, I...."

Shubman gave him a small smile, encouraging him to continue.

"Thank you. I...whatever happened, just....thank you. For taking care of me all this time. I know I haven't been the best of patients, but you still looked after me. Thank you, for–"

A tight hug muffled his next words. His arms automatically wound around Shubman's waist, and he could hear the loud thud of Shubman's heartbeats as he boomed,

"If you say one more word about how thankful you are, I will not let you go. It's already the hardest thing I am having to do, don't tempt me to lock you up."

"But I–"

"You want to test me?"

Shubman pressed Ishan to himself a little more, and Ishan whimpered at the friction. He didn't know if he would ever get a chance to be this close to Shubi again, so he nuzzled Shubman, inhaling his heady scent and stowing it away for months to remember. He suddenly felt like crying, felt like he would not see Shubman again, and he squeezed him a little harder to make sure the boy in his arms was real. He cleared his throat, and choked out a small "Let's get going," before picking up his bag and walking out, without looking back.

He knew he would want to stay here - where Shubman behaved as if he was his, where everything was alright - if he looked back even for a second.

Ishan had to be brave.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ishan was not brave.

On the plane, when he was finally alone, he let the tears flow. The love and adoration and longing he could see in Shubman's eyes at the airport had very nearly broke him. He knew Shubman had restrained himself from hugging Ishan as he was in public, but his eyes gave him away. Shubman looked haunted, as if the reality of separation was just dawning on him, and he looked like he was two seconds away from taking Ishan back home. Ishan, for his part, refused to acknowledge what all of it had meant, and was now bawling his eyes out on the secluded seating.

Why do I feel like it was the last time I was seeing him, he thought worriedly.

He would only understand it much, much later.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Mom, that's enough food - pet fatt jayega yaar."

"Pfft - you are thin as a bone. EAT."

"Mom, c'mon - I have to have a diet otherwise I won't be able to play next year."

"Look at Shubman - his mom feeds him paranthas every day and he still manages to run - tere hi khaane ke nakhre hai."

Ishan rolled his eyes, but could not help but feel stuck on Shubman's name.

It had been a month since he had been home, and nothing had changed, yet everything had.

Shubman called religiously, although Ishan did not always pick up, and when he did, it was always a short conversation about his health and family.

Shubman seemed happy just to know that Ishan was healthy and safe; he did not push Ishan into awkward conversations. Ishan thought he was making steady progress in forgetting Shubman, but his mind often wandered over to the dimpled boy every now and then, which seemed to irritate him to no end. Ishan was annoyed at how quickly he had grown dependent on Shubman, a habit he seemed insistent on breaking, which led to intense physiotherapy sessions and silence for days on end. He felt unmoored after spending so much time cooped up with the bane of his existence, and he just wanted to feel stable.

He was granted reprieve from his mom's mission to feed him when a video call stole his attention. It was his old buddies from MI, hoping to finally catch up with Ishan about all the ICT gossip. Ishan was happy to indulge; seeing his friends filled him with glee and he started regaling them with tales that were just a teeny tiny bit exaggerated.

He got a little subdued when Shubman's name came up, but the next bit was a punch to the gut.

"Did you hear, Shubi's apparently got a new chick on the block," this, from Tilak.

"Isn't Sara old news by now?"

"Nah bro, this is a new one - they were all hanging out during his ad shoot - even Shahneel was posting photos together."

Ishan had seen those photos - a pretty girl was talking to Shubman while Shahneel photobombed them; at the time, Ishan had presumed it was some director; now, he wasn't sure.

"Ishu, tu toh jigri hai, tujhe toh pata hi hoga?"

"Oh, I...no idea - mai toh yaha patient pada hu."

"Oh yea sorry bro; but Shubi ke kya hi kehne - so proud of that dude. He's going places, that Gill. ICT ka future captain, beautiful girls on his arms, and the media's going crazy predicting his future."

"And with the way he's blazing - he's sure to be the G.O.A.T, dude. Bas josh me aake hosh na kho baithe."

They all 'hmm'ed their agreement, and went back to talking about other things. Ishan only paid half attention, the rest of it on the information swirling inside his brain.

He was not an idiot to believe every rumor about Shubman; lord knows he was linked to hundreds of girls, but it still stung.

What worried him was something much worse - Shubman had a future that went beyond their relationship. What were they doing, jeopardizing it? Was he right? Was Shubman right all those months ago? Were they throwing away their futures?

Ishan's head swam - he didn't know what to think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shubman was ecstatic - he had a wedding in Delhi, which meant he could sneak off and visit Ishan over the weekend. He was booking his tickets while calling Ishan to give him the good news.

"Hi."

Ishan's 'hi' seemed subdued, but Shubman chalked that up to the day's exhaustion.

"Listen, my cousin's getting married next week, so I'll be in town for a quick visit. I know you like to give your excuses, but don't try to back out. I am informing you wayy in advance, otherwise I will have to bribe your parents. Don't think I won't–"

"Shubman."

Ishan had to do this - it was now or never.

"Shubman, I don't want you to visit. I have thought a lot, and you were right, all those months ago."

"Ish, what–"

"I don't want to see you. We have been through too much to ever go back - I don't WANT to go back. We're done."

Ishan was blubbering, but he knew that he had to end this now - now, when there was nothing growing between them, when Ishan could nurse his broken heart at a safe distance, when he could not bury himself in Shubman's arms, when he was not in danger of making a decision that could hurt them both in the future.

"Shut up, Ishan."

"No, listen to me! Whatever hopes you are keeping - don't. I've already been through hell - let's, let's just not."

Ishan cut the call just as sobs threatened to break through.

It was the right decision - this would allow Shubman to be free to spend his life wisely, without emotions clouding his judgment, it would allow Ishan to heal and make cricket his life, just how it was meant to be.

Then why did it feel like his heart was breaking in two, as if the world had ended?

This chapter is for Ishan Kishan: BCCI might not know your worth, but we do. We are proud of you.

Manifesting a better future for our chota patakha - hamari aankho ha tara.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"-she'll drag you by your ears. Tu sunn raha hai?"

No, Shubman was not listening to whatever Shahneel was saying, his attention only half on saying 'hmm' and 'yes' at the appropriate time.

The other half was stuck on Ishan, or rather, Ishan's words from a week ago.

We're done.

We're done.

We're done.

Shubman had been in a haze ever since then, the words not penetrating the thick fog in his mind. He was afraid of what would happen when they did - would he burn down the world? Or would he let himself be burned instead?

He'd given Shahneel the briefest version of what had happened, but even she had seemed scared of making him talk, lest the dam break and the flood destroy everything in its path.

A ping from his phone caught Shubman's attention - it was a notification of Ishan being tagged in a photo. Curious, he opened it, and found something that would melt even the coldest of hearts - Virat and Rohit were making bunny ears behind a sleepy Ishan, who seemed to have gathered at Virat's Delhi home by the looks of it.

Shubman saw red.

How dare he?

"Shubi, kiski baat kar raha hai?"

Apparently he had spoken out loud.

"Di - I am dying here, and he has the audacity to enjoy parties as if he had not broken my heart a minute ago. He wants a party? He'll get a party."

"Shubi-"

All she heard on the other end was the beeping of the call.

Shahneel knew her brother was a deeply emotional person; people seemed happy labeling him as shy just because he was private about his feelings. But this? This scared her. Shubman's voice seemed devoid of emotion, and all she felt from him was rage - unbridled rage, which meant Shubi was definitely going to do something catastrophic and explosive.

She quickly searched for the 'party' Shubi was talking about, and located Ishan at Virat's house in delhi. She booked a quick flight, and prayed that Shubi not get there before she did.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Virat was just about to start a movie, when the bell rang. He looked to Rohit, who sheepishly admitted,

"Uh, I ordered a pizza."

"Rohit yaar!"

"What - it's the perfect snack! Ishan agrees with me, don't you Ishan?"

They both looked over to where Ishan had transformed himself into a burrito - with blankets wrapped around him and a sleepy expression on his face.

Virat would get him 10 pizzas if Ishan would smile - just once.

He had asked Rohit to whisk him here by hook or crook - Ishan had seemed too quiet on his previous phone call. It was just the three of them, which was a perfect opportunity to get all of Ishan's cards on the table. Shubi, they would deal with when the time came. He had it all planned out - food, movies, and bonfire - a perfect setting for some heart-to-heart. But Ishan had seemed so utterly tired, that Virat had just wanted to bring a smile to his face - a plan that was failing spectacularly. Maybe a pizzawouldcheer him up.

The bell rang again.

Virat opened the door, revealing an angry Shubman at the door.

"Kaake how-"

"Where. Is. He."

"Where who-"

"Don't play with me bhai, I am not in the mood."

He pushed past Virat, only to come across a befuddled Rohit and a sleepy Ishan, who rose quickly at the sight of him.

Seeing Ishan all sleep-addled only added fuel to the fire inside of Shubman.

Meri neend uda kar shehzaade chain ki neend so rahe hai! Shubman gritted his teeth, not wanting to create a scene in front of an audience.

"Ishan - we need to talk."

"No."

"I am sorry, did I ask?"

"The answer is still no."

Virat and Rohit looked like the spectators at a tennis match - with no one willing to back down.

"Don't test my patience, Ishan."

"Ooh, big scary man - what will you do, you giraffe?"

Shubman's jaw twitched. In a second, he crossed the distance between Ishan and himself, and picked him up, fireman-style.

Ishan let out a strangled gasp.

"Put me down - right now!"

Incensed, he started pounding Shubman's back with his tiny fists, but they made no impact on Shubman, who started walking toward the terrace as if Ishan weighed nothing more than a sack of potatoes.

It was Rohit who broke the silence first.

"Um, shouldn't we go after them?"

"And do what? Maybe it's time they sort this shit - we are getting too old for this, Ro."

Before Rohit could respond, another doorbell rang.

"Benstokes ab kaun aa gaya?"

It was Shahneel, who looked like she had just ran a marathon.

"Virat bhai, is-"

"Yes, dramebaaz abhi Ishan ko upar leke gaya hai. Why didn't you stop him from coming here?"

"Does he ever listen? Anyway, he seemed furious on the call - I thought it better to calm him down in person. Why aren't you guys with them? Shubi is really mad, bhai - I am worried he might do or say something he might regret."

Virat looked at Rohit, who raised his eyes in a silent question.

Shaheneel rolled her eyes, and said,

"Tum dono aankh micholi baad me khelo, tell me WHERE HE IS!"

Virat and Rohit seemed to have come to a conclusion, as Virat just muttered a quick 'follow me', without waiting for the both of them.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I said - PUT ME DOWN!"

Shubman finally relented, once he had reached the secluded terrace. Any other time, he would have marveled at the view from above, remembered the countless nights he had spent here in the company of his team, laughing and making memories. As it was, his current view was a thousand times better, even if the view was the reason for his elevated blood pressure.

Ishan whirled on him the minute he was put down.

"How dare you pick me up? How dare you come here when I said I did not want to see you? Koi tameez hai ya nahi? Why don't you just leave me alone? WHY?"

"BECAUSE I LOVE YOU!"

"I DON'T!"

Ishan tried storming out, but Shubman caught him by his arms, and pulled him toward himself. He put both of Ishan's hands behind him, and caught them with one of his hands. The other, he used to trace Ishan's face.

"That would be believable, my precious, except you won't meet my eyes and your heart is beating so loudly I can hear it loud and clear."

He caught hold of Ishan's chin, and made him look up.

"Ishan, Ishu - I love you, and nothing you say or do is going to change that. I am sorry I was an idiot in the past, I made a horrible, terrible mistake letting you go - I will spend my life trying to atone for it - but mark my words, I am not going anywhere, and neither am I letting you go."

It only seemed to anger Ishan more, who replied,

"What happens when you meet someone else? Should I stand here and wait for you then? What happens when you want a normal life - a wife, kids, a picket fence? What will I be - your dirty secret? What will you tell the world? Should I wait for the day when you tell me all this is not worth it? I leave you alone for a month and you are shacking up with some girl on your photoshoot -"

"Who? What? Oh, Diljeet Di? That's my cousin, Ishu. You know I would never -"

"I know? Do I? Do I know you? I can't keep doing this Shubman! I can't go through this again and again and again! How will I ever trust you? How will I trust you won't leave? HOW?"

Virat, Rohit, and Shahneel stood still at the door, trying to look for a moment to pitch in.

Shahneel, in a bid to make Shubman calm, blurted,

"Shubi-"

A raised palm promptly shut her down.

Ishan's quiet sobs echoed in the dead silence, and when he started to turn away from Shubman, a hand snaked around his waist and brought him back into Shubman's arms.

"Wha-"

Ishan got no chance to complete his sentence, as Shubman, making sure Ishan's attention was on him, removed his family ring, and placed it right onto Ishan's ring finger.

Virat, Rohit, Shahneel, and Ishan stood gobsmacked, as Shubman brought Ishan's now ring-adorned hand to his lips, and placed a small kiss on his ring finger.

He turned Ishan's hand, and placed another kiss on his palm. Before anyone could utter a word, he turned around to where Virat's bonfire gear was scattered around. He lit the wood, which blazed white hot instantly.

Ishan did not know which blazed brighter - the bonfire or the fire in Shubman's eyes at he looked at Ishan. Ishan couldn't move if he tried - his legs seemed to have turned to jelly. He stood rooted to the spot, when Shubman quickly crossed the distance between them - and picked Ishan up.

He began taking a turn around the fire, his eyes blazing with so much love that even Virat, who always had something to say, stood still and watched everything unfold.

"I don't want to meet anyone else. I will never want another life - I promise to always be yours - in this life or the next."

"You will never be my secret - you are and will be my life and death. I promised to always hold you above the world."

"I promise to be with you - anyway and every way. In sickness and in health, in wins and losses, in love and anger - I will always hold you."

"I promise to cook for you, to care for you, to bear your jokes and encourage your nautanki - I promise I belong to you."

"I promise to be your family - you and me, and however many children you want - I promise to be your supporter, your #1 fan."

"I promise to always listen to you, especially when you are being unreasonable. I promise to cherish you, adore you, always and forever."

"I promise my loyalty, my fidelity, my love - only to you - and to take you as my husband, my partner for life - my Ishan."

Shubman slowly lowered Ishan to the ground, who had yet to say a word.

Shubman continued,

"I didn't know how else to make you trust me - I married you, here, in front of three of the most important people in my life - to show you that I mean it. You and me, we're forever. You can choose to walk away, you can choose to not believe in this marriage, but I will wait for you, till you believe that I am in this as much as you are. This is it for me, Ishan. You are it."

Shubman took a step toward Ishan, but Ishan turned and fled, so fast that no one could even put a hand to stop him.

That seemed to shatter the silence, after which Virat, waving at Rohit frantically, stated,

"Shubi toh full bollywood gaya yaar? Holy shit."

Rohit could do nothing but shake his head, wondering what the future held.

"Ishan, darwaaze pe dekh toh kaun aaya hai - it's always your deliveries nowadays!"

Ishan wanted to protest vehemently, but stopped once he realized his mother was right - he did get a lot of parcel deliveries.

He opened the door, blushed profusely when the delivery guy just handed him the parcel without even checking if it was the correct person - it was the same guy assigned to this area, and he had grown used to delivering here almost everyday.

Ishan went to his room, hobbling a little, a parcel tucked securely under his arms. The pain in his leg reminded him why it was there - his little running excursion that eventful night had cost him a lot of muscular pain. He sat on the bed gingerly, and took a shaky breath.

And looked down at his hand, where a silver ring sat atop his finger, glaring at him rather smugly.

Ishan glared back, then realized it was an inanimate object and facepalmed himself. He was going crazy, and....everything was not helping.

It had been three weeks since...it had happened, and Ishan still had not understood why he had not removed the ring.

Everytime he thought of removing it, a shiver ran through his body and the metal burned against his finger.

He had been so numb that night, that he had simply walked from the terrace to the guest room, and laid awake without a thought, waiting for his body to succumb to sleep. When he woke up in the morning, it was only Virat and Rohit who greeted him; not wanting to talk or answer any questions, he had left soon as well.

Now, days later, he was no closer to figuring out what to do than he was that night.

He felt like two people - one Ishan had been extremely calm about...it, as if the restlessness of months had finally calmed down, as if the pieces of his life had finally slid into position. He felt at peace, the storm raging inside of him - the one that constantly belittled him, asked him about his and Shubi's future - had finally subsided. He felt grounded, and the ring reminded him that there was someone (even if he had yet to admit it to himself) waiting for him, pledged to him, bound to him. If the ring didn't remind him, the gifts certainly did.

They started the day he was back from Delhi. It started as inconspicuous gifts at first - a watch, video games, sweets, but as days went by, they became more...personal. He woke up one day to find a heavy karha (bracelet) delivered to him, the next day, unique and customized shirts depicting stars and sunsets...just the way he liked them. There was even an exquisite pair of earrings sent to him, which he had yet to put on. There was no name (to avoid suspicion from his parents, he assumed), but he knew who sent them. His parents assumed he was ordering them for himself, and they just accepted the parcels with an eyeroll, but Ishan blushed more and more everytime he found himself with such tokens. Alarmingly, there was no note attached to them, or even a message or a call from the sender, as if he was perfectly happy just sending gifts, without needing a reciprocation in return.

The other Ishan, was honestly a nuisance. He glowed and blushed and turned beet red at the implication of what the gifts meant.

Your husband is wooing you, his mind supplied, to which he kept mum.

His husband.

His ears grew hotter at that, his hand automatically going to his(HIS!) ring, which he had taken to twirling absentmindedly everytime he thought about....him.

He was ashamed of himself for behaving as if....as if he was a newlywed, blushing and overwhelmed with everything. More than that, he was more ashamed at the carnal thoughts his mind had seemed fit to torture him with these past few days. He had woken up countless nights with a painful boner, trying to catch the last strand of dreams that had led to...it. He tried to exercise to tire his body out, but his mind seemed to derive pleasure from showing him images of Shubi under him, writhing in pleasure, his mouth muttering a constant litany of 'take you as my husband' and 'my love' as Ishan slid into him, over and over. Ishan was ashamed that he had somehow reverted back to the horny teenager he once was, except this time, Shubman seemed to have him putty in his hands without even doing anything. He felt restless, as if his emotions were too big for his body to contain them. He had given up on trying to exercise a modicum of restraint, and touched himself to completion with thoughts of Shubi.

His Shubi.

His....husband?

He shivered at the thought, and shook his head.

What was he doing? What was he supposed to feel? He knew there was so much to talk, so much to solve...and Shubman had taken a (rather large) step forward. It was his turn now. Shubman, for whatever his faults, Ishan knew - took marriage seriously - the look in his eyes had given it all away. He was serious to a fault, but what was Ishan to do now?

He had tried thinking, once or twice, but all it did was gave him a migraine, so today, when everyone was supposed to be out, he had decided to call the one person who would give him a straight answer - seedhi baat, no bakwas - Rohit bhai.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Ishan called Rohit that evening, Rohit seemed calmer than usual, as if he had anticipated this conversation a long time along. He didn't beat around the bush.

"Kya soch raha hai?"

Ishan paused for a minute, and tried to think how to frame his question. He finally settled on one.

"When-when you got married, did it feel any different?"

"Different? How do you mean?"

"I don't know how to explain it, bhai..."

Rohit sighed loudly, a clear sign that he was about to lose his thin shred of patience quickly.

"Alright, alright. Why don't you tell me how you are feeling, and then maybe I can help out?"

Ishan could roll with that.

"Did you feel...calmer somehow? As if everything....finally fit?"

Rohit chuckled, to which Ishan replied,

"I am serious bhai, aap has kyu rahe ho?"

Rohit gawffed at that, and said, "Welcome to married life, mere dynamite."

Ishan was more confused than ever; he said so, to which Rohit stated,

"It's...difficult to explain. When you get married to someone you love, you feel peace in your bones. It's like...coming home after a long tournament - a feeling of finally belonging, of finally having a partner in everything you do. It's like....when you are a kid and you're waiting for your parents to come pick you up. When you see them, your face just...glows. You're safe, you've been collected....it's a heady feeling, isn't it?"

Ishan didn't know how - but Rohit bhai had described the exact way he had been feeling - safe, secure. He didn't know when he started tearing up, but he brokenly answered,

"Ye-yeah, I get it."

When the silence stretched on for too long, Ishan thought as long as he had Rohit, he would ask whatever else had been weighing on his mind.

"So bhai I also have these strange dreams and I just feel so angsty all the time. I keep dreaming about him and grabbing him and–"

"Oh whoa whoa whoa whoa lover boy, TMI! I don't need to hear your horny ass reciting odes to Shubi. It's been a month since you have seen him - is it possible that you miss him? I mean, I would go crazy if I didn't see Ritika for a month after my wedding day, but that's just normal couples. I don't know what crazy shenanigans you both get upto."

Ishan fell silent.

Rohit, knowing he wasn't going to get a response, prodded,

"Ishu - do you know what you have to do?"

A quiet 'yes' was all he heard.

Ishan ran as fast as he could with an injured leg, gathering his things and leaving notes for his folks. He could feel the adrenaline kicking in, and he could not keep the smile off his face as he boarded an Uber.

First though, he had an important pitstop to make.

Fuck BCCI.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"–sunta kyu nai hai? Hello? Hello?"

Shahneel was at the other end of the phone, trying to impart some common sense into her brother, who seemed to have been floating on clouds for the past few days.

"SHUBI!"

"Ha Di sunn raha hu."

Exasperated, Shahneel replied,

"Ullu de patthe, dhyan kaha hai tera - phirse patidev pe toh nai chala gaya?"

"Didi dheere bolo kisiko pata chal gaya toh?"

"Acha ji? Ye tab nai socha jab Ishan ko utha utha ke phere liye jaa rahe the?"

Shubman blushed despite himself. It was true, ever since that night, he had a hard time keeping himself from thinking about Ishan at every given moment. His daily life was fast becoming chaotic because of it, but he did not give a damn.

Like right now, for example - where Shahneel was scolding him because he was forgetting simple things like eating or sleeping.

Better to pay attention, Shubman thinks, lest Di take it upon herself to come down here and beat the crap out of him.

"Yes Di, I promise I will eat, and look, I am going to go to sleep right now. You worry too much."

"Ofcourse I am worried, you idiot. My otherwise calm and rational brother went and got himself married!"

Shubman rolled his eyes; he had been hearing variations of the same argument for days - Virat, Rohit, and Shahneel had reacted the same way - shock and awe, usually followed by a pitiful interrogation, to which Shubman replied monosyllabically and cut the call.

He was in no position to answer; Ishan had been silent, what was Shubman to do?

"–phirse dhyan fisla tera?"

"Nai Di, I am here."

Shahneel took a deep breathe. Brothers, she thought. Idiots.

"Shubi....koi khabar?"

The silence on the other end was all the answer she needed.

"Don't lose hope, brother mine."

"I know Di, don't worry. It's just....there's this growing itch in me now. I just want to see him once, or just hear his voice. I thought it was worse before, but now I feel like I am bound to go crazy sooner rather than later."

"I believe it's called the newlywed effect. I hope to experience it myself someday, hopefully before I go crazy worrying about you, so will you please take care of yourself?"

Shubman promised and laid his head down. Di was right, he did need to take care of himself. Well, that was a task for a 4-hour later Shubi, he thought, and fell asleep, dreaming of soulful eyes and gorgeous lips.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Ishan reached Shubman's house in Mumbai, he had to bribe his security with loads of sweets to let him go without announcing his presence. Luckily, they had known he was a regular visitor, so it was easy to convince them. His heart was in uproar, and Ishan was quite sure that the entire world could hear it. He adjusted his bag on his shoulders, and took the lift to Shubman's floor.

He had been nervous the entire flight - thoughts of what he would do once he came face-to-face with Shubi swirling in his mind. He thought of picking up his phone and letting him know that he was coming, but then thought better of it. He wanted to savor the look on Shubi's face when he finally arrived.

He walked up to Shubi's door, and knocked - twice, thrice - no response. Where was he? The security had said that he was home. Ishan rang the doorbell again, and just as he was about to give up, the door opened. A sleepy Shubman blinked the sleep off his eyes, but just rolled his eyes when he noticed Ishan.

What the fuck, Ishan's mind supplied astutely.

"Bas abhi sapne me aana band kar, aana hai toh reality me aa."

Oh.

Ohh.

Shubman thought he was dreaming.

Ishan laughed despite himself, and then a shaitaani thought entered his mind. He walked up to Shubman, and pinched him, hard.

Shubman cried out loud, but the pinch effectively woke him up, and he stared at Ishan hungrily.

"You–you–"

"Muh toh band karo uncle,"Ishan repeated, remembering the time Shubman had surprised him at his own house.

Shubman promptly shut his mouth, but the sparkle in his eyes was uncontained. They both kept staring at each other, unsure how to proceed.

Now that he was here, Ishan was suddenly shy, unsure of how to behave. It's time to step forward, he thought to himself.

"You didn't call."

"Huh?"

"You - did not call."

"I-I was giving you space."

"With what? All the gifts you–"

A sudden pain in his leg tamped down whatever he was about to say, and he groaned loudly. Shuman was on him in an instant, holding him by the waist and making him sit on the couch.

"Baby you okay? Why were you standing all this while? You took the lift right? Some water–"

Ishan stopped Shubman's rambling. He caught Shubman's hand in his.

"Just, just stay here for a bit."

Shubman dropped to his knees in front of Ishan, who was catching his breath from the sudden pain.

Shubman massaged Ishan's hand, while the other cradled his face; he kissed Ishan's forehead while murmuring encouragement.

A few minutes later, when the pain subsided, Ishan whispered,

"You didn't call."

Shubman let out a small laugh, and pressed their foreheads together. They stayed like that for a while, just breathing each other in, when Ishan broke the silence.

"I, uh...I have something for you."

He quickly retrieved a box from his pocket, holding it out for Shubman.

Shubman, not wanting to believe what he was seeing, blurted,

"Is that...Is–"

Ishan cut him off.

"Shubman Gill, will you make me a husband to the most adorable man on Earth?"

I must still be dreaming, Shubman thought hysterically.

Ishan, reading his thoughts, simply rolled his eyes and pinched him hard, once more.

"Aaargh!"

"You are not dreaming. C'mon, what are you waiting for?"

"For you to stop being annoying."

"You're going to wait a long time for that sweetheart."

Shubman smiled.

"Then its a good thing you are stuck with me forever, isn't it?"

He held out his hand, and Ishan swiftly put a ring on Shubman's finger, a twin to the one on his own.

Ishan looked up from Shubman's hand, and was almost blinded by the smile on Shubman's face. A few tears slide down Shubman's cheeks, and Ishan promptly wipes them away.

"Hey, no crying! I am not that bad of a choice, am I?" he asks, pouting a little.

"We are already married, it's not like I have a choice."

"Hey–"

But Shubman did not let Ishan complete his sentence; he pounced - Ishan is grabbed by the shoulders and shoved up against the couch headrest. Shubman pins him in place, breathing heavily, until Ishan lets out a faint whimper and Shubman dives in for a kiss.

Shubman kisses Ishan like a man possessed, his stubble scratching deliciously against Ishan's cheeks as Shubman licks into his mouth. A desperate need for Shubman burns through Ishan, and he plunders Shubman's mouth in return, rutting mindlessly against his hip.

When the need for breathing becomes absolute, Shubman lets Ishan up, but continues caressing his face.

"Is–is this okay?"

Ishan's heart breaks for Shubman; his Shubi, whom he had forbidden from touching him. He knew how agonizing it must be - well, not anymore. He places his hand on Shubman's cheeks, who leans into the touch.

"I've missed you, Shubi - a little too much. I thought I would go crazy. I know we still have a lot of things to talk about, a lot of stuff to figure out - but I don't want to do it alone. I want to spend my life with you. I love you, you have no idea how much. I am tired of living without you - I want you, all the time."

Shubman wiped the tears that threatened to fall from Ishan's eyes, and pressed a sweet kiss to his forehead. He intertwined their hands together, and kissed them.

"Together," he whispered. He laps at Ishan's ears, the cold metal and Shubman's tongue creating shivers on Ishan's flushed skin.

Shubman gets up unexpectedly, which earns him another whimper from Ishan, which is quickly replaced by a surprised squawk as he is lifted in the air, and carried to the bedroom. Shubman puts him down gently, but Ishan is in no mood to be separated from his husband.

He quickly pulls Shubman down and rolls over him, and drags his hand along the front of Shubman's pants. Shubman's eyes darken as he watches Ishan bite his lips while watching Shubman's tented pants, the outline of his cock clearly visible. Ishan bends down and mouths the bulge, when Shubam rolls him over and drapes himself over Ishan.

He traces Ishan's collarbone as it peeks out of his shirt with his fingers and watches as they travel to the top of Ishan's button to unbutton it. Ishan watches fondly as Shubman struggles to open the buttons.

"Why are you so buttoned up? Normally I have to tamp down the urge to punch someone as they ogle your naked chest, but for me you button up all the way to the top?"

Ishan simply giggled at that, but his giggles quickly turn into moans as Shubi starts leaving a trail of nibbles across his neck. He hears the sound of tearing and sees that Shubi has actually torn the shirt from his body. All the blood rushes south, and Ishan goes heady with the realization that his husband (HUSBAND!) is so impatient for him that he actually tore his shirt. He has no time to think about anything else as Shubman removes his own shirt hastily, which sends Ishan drooling. Shubman proceeds to tug his clothes down, revealing Ishan's cock already leaking. Shubman places light kisses to his ring on Ishan's hand, his stomach, his thighs, while Ishan tries to keep his hips still. Shubman looks up from his ministrations.

"Ishu, I–"

"What," rasps Ishan.

"May I touch you?" asked Shubman, a little hesitantly.

In response, Ishan simply yanks Shubman up by his hair, holds his face, and whispers,

"If you don't touch me this instant, I will do something crazy, like leave!"

"Acha ji, jaake dikhao?"

Ishan tried wriggling out, but Shubman pressed himself to Ishan in response, which earned him a groan.

He peppered sweet kisses on Ishan's face, lowering himself slowly, leaving a trail of bite marks across his body. Ishan can do nothing but writhe in ecstasy as Shubman inserts a lubed finger, and keeps going until Ishan is flush with pleasure.

"More," breathes Ishan, and Shubman obliges, inserts another, as Ishan continues chanting 'Shubi, Shubi' in whispered breaths. He adjusts himself, his boner now a painful reminder that he needs to feel Ishan against himself, now. He crookes his fingers inside, and Ishan keens, a voice that will forever be branded on Shubman's mind. He withdraws his finger, and is instantly pulled up and crushed against Ishan, who bites at his mouth.

"Baby, baby, please..."

"Ishu, what do you want?"

"I-I..."

"Words, my love."

"I want you inside me."

Shubman stills.

Then-

"Are you sure?"

The glare Ishan pins him with could melt ice, but Shubman knew how to take care of his husband.

He kisses Ishan once, puts on a condom, and slicks himself. He lines himself up and slowly pushes in, allowing Ishan to breathe. Ishan is hot and tight around him, and when he's sheathed all the way in, it chokes a moan out of the both of them. Shubman leans down to kiss him on instinct, and Ishan meets him halfway, his eyes hooded and pupils dark. Shubman pulls out a little and then slides back in, and continues moving faster. Ishan holds on for dear life, his nails digging tiny crescent marks in Shubman's shoulders. Shubman gets a hand on Ishan's cock, who looks like he is barely hold onto his sanity. Shubman picks up the pace, and Ishan's muscles clench as Shubman continues pumping, and he comes with a choked "Shub–", Shubman following suit as his body tenses and he sees stars for a second.

When he comes to, he notices that he's crushing Ishan, so he rolls on his side, only for Ishan to roll over him. Ishan bites at Shubman's chest lazily, while Shubman lays around in a dreamzy haze. Ishan looked up at Shubman through hooded eyes, to which Shubman simply pulled him up and would his arms around Ishan, tight.

"Thank you, Ishu. I was going crazy here."

Ishan simply smiled. Then–

"I love you, Shubi. I love you, and we are going to figure out everything, together. Just stay with me, okay? I want all your smile, your cuddles, your love, I want to hold you all the time, just– just stay with me?"

"Forever, my heart."

The finale - The journey comes to an end - I just wanted to thank everyone who read, commented, and liked the story. I loved reading your comments, thankful that I wasn't the only crazy one here, and laughed a lot.

Epilogue

The stadium was in an uproar - India was chasing a formidable score of 398 against the mighty kiwis. They were good, but the chasing player on the field was better. Jersey no 77, one Shubman Gill, breaker of records a.k.a. "The Prince", was batting at 46. The entire stadium waited with bated breath for the Prince to bestow his magic one last time - today, on his homeground, where he was announcing his retirement.

A six, and the stadium cheered for their beloved cricketer, who bowed before his fans one last time, and left the field walking through a raised bat salute by his entire team.

Shubman walked to the pavilion, with cheers from his teammates, pats and hugs from his mentors who came to send him off, and whistles from the young generation, who were busy celebrating their mentor. Shubman found himself misty eyed, but his eyes quickly found their sparkle when they turned toward a lone figure standing by the corridor. He threw his gloves aside,ran toward the figure, and crushed him to himself.

"Oof, you are heavy, my giraffe," grumbled Ishan, even as he enveloped Shubman in a tight hug.

"And you are adorable, my husband."

Shubman loved watching the blush creep across Ishan's face when he said things like that, and today was no different.

His husband.

He couldn't believe it.

12 years of being married, and he still was in love with Ishan as much as he was all those years ago.

12 years of nautanki and love and cuddles and kisses had come to this.

They both had a couple of grey on their forehead now, and were no longer young, wide eyed cricketers; they had braved a lot of storms, reached record highs - together, as promised.

Shubman still could scarcely believe this beautiful man had agreed to spend his life with Shubi, who still made mistakes, who still had trouble speaking his feelings, but he was not an idiot to share his fear, lest Ishan come to his senses.

"Still not getting rid of me, my love."

Shubman looked at Ishan in surprise.

"How even–"

"Ye ring aisehi nai pehni hai, jaanta hu tujhe."

What could Shubman do but hug his life, his love close to his chest once more.

Ishan had retired a year ago, with a big fanfare - he was beloved by all, and everyone had come to celebrate his career and life. Shubman had been nervous the entire time, but Ishan had made his decision, had earned smashing records - it was time.

Ishan had slept 48 hours after his announcement, after which Shubman had whisked him away on a much-needed holiday. He came to cheer Shubi at every game, nervously cheering him on, and blushing when Shubman tugged his earlobes in dedication everytime he scored well. Ishan wished they would have been allowed to be open about their love, their dedication to each other, but every sacrifice paled in comparison to Shubi's smile, his arms that awaited their beloved at the end of every day - Ishan would not give it up for anything.

"Acha? Ring pehni ya pehnaai maine?"

"Ha mere bollywood hero, tune hi pehnaai, khush?"

"And then some."

They both laughed at Shubi's comment - memories of their multiple weddings coming to mind.

After their impromptu wedding, they had gotten married officially - a year later. Shahneel and Virat had witnessed their union, a hush hush affair as they signed papers on a vacation abroad. Shubman still got misty eyed when he thought how Ishan had looked, glowing and mesmerizing as they spoke vows and promised forever, again.

But it was nothing compared to the grand but secret wedding they had at Virat's Delhi home, where their next chapter had begun. In white and pink, Shubman and Ishan had walked down the aisle with the ICT watching, a select few who had been in on the secret - a day of dance and festivities. The rituals and celebration had been nothing compared to the grooms, who shone in sherwanis, glowed during their haldi, and got misty eyed during speeches. The entire team had gone crazy with the ceremony, but the couple had still missed their parents at the wedding - they had to keep their relationship a secret from the most important people in their life, and it hurt.

A month before Shubman's retirement, they had finally confessed their relationship, which had culminated in fights, a lot of crying, and then absolute silence. They still walked on eggshells around their families, but promised that whatever may come, they would brave it together. Shubman's parents were here today, but they had kept their distance from Ishan. We will win them over, Shubman and Ishan had promised each other vehemently, but the distance still hurt.

"So...."

"So?"

"I have a surprise for you."

"Shubi, it's your retirement, I am supposed to have a surprise for you."

"You are all I need."

"Okay then maybe I won't give you my surprise."

Shubman pouted at that, which earned him a cheeky smile from Ishan.

"C'mon, tell me."

Shubman produced some papers from his bag, and handed them to Ishan.

Ishan looked at the papers, and then at Shubi.

"You bought Virat bhai's house?"

"Yep."

"Shubi!"

"Yes, my love?"

"Why did you do that?"

"Because that's where it all began - that's where we got married, twice. That place is sacred to me, so I bought it - for us."

Ishan could do nothing but give a watery smile to this absolutely idiotic sweet man he had married.

"You are an idiot."

"I love you too, baby."

Ishan wanted to hug Shubi again, but instead, he exclaimed,

"Ready for your surprise?"

Shubman's eyes sparkled as they looked over the papers Ishan had handed to him, while Ishan was busy awash in the glow of his beloved as understanding dawned on his face.

"We-we–"

"You okay, baby?"

"We got her?" Shubi exclaimed, his voice full of wonder.

"We have her, baby, we have her."

Ishan crushed Shubman in a tight hug, their emotions flowing through their eyes, as they tried to contain their happiness.

"Isha - our baby, she's ours. Ready to be a father, Shubi?"

"With you and Isha with me - always!"

Ishan knew Shubman would be a wonderful father - they had talked about it and finally registered for adoption - it was months of anticipation, during which Shubman neurotically read every book, every article, while Ishan got their house baby proofed for their newest addition. They had awaited their baby for so long, and she was finally here, as they began the next phase of their lives. Ishan could not wait, but before that -

"Press conference?"

"Yeah, it's time."

They had talked about Shubi's retirement announcement extensively, and had agreed that that's all he would talk about. They had been linked with lots of people in their career, even linked with each other, but all the people would get is to send off their favorite cricketer as he deserved - in glory. They would not hide their relationship any longer, but nor would they give explanations - it was their life, and they would see fit on how to live it.

Ishan gave Shubman one last squeeze, and watched him walk toward the stage, his head held high.

Ishan thanked the universe for bringing them together, and waited for Shubi - to come home.

