1. The breakup
==============

"I don't love you anymore. I want to break up." Charlottes words play on repeat in Charles' mind. His mouth is ajar because of the shook that came with the words.

"What happened? Yesterday everything was fine and we even spoke about booking a romantic trip to Paris" Charles was now confused and a little mad.

"I just don't love you anymore and I want to explore the world on my own. You are never home anyway and it's hard for me" charlotte says so quietly that Charles bearly hears her.

"I have been thinking this for few weeks now" Charlotte ads.

"But what about everything that we have experienced together and all the love that once was there it can't just disapear like that." Charles almost shouts. What the fuck happened to them. He is angry and sad but deep down he was feeling the same way as Charlotte, but he wouldn't dare to admit that, not in front of her.

"But if you think that is what you want and need I will not be in your way. Charles sighs.

Charlotte can see in Charles eyes that this hurts him, but she can't live her life like this. She has noticed that Charles has became a bit distant torwards her but hasn't had the heart to talk about it to Charles who has had a hard time recently. "Maybe we are ment to be, but this was just the right pearson but wrong time and we realise after a few years that we still want and need eachother. But now I just need time on my own. People fall out of love sometimes." Charlotte assures and Charles can see that she means the last part but he does not belive that this was "right pearson wrong time" situation.

"Well if that is the case you have one hour to collect your things and get out of here. I will go to a walk or something. Everything you leave here I will throw away. I will talk to Ferrrari and post a statement about our breakup and hope that you will too. I'll send you what to write later" Charles says coldly.

"You also have to leave your keys to my house here" Charles adds. He gets up from the couch that he was sitting in grabs his keys and heads torwards the front door.

" I guess this is a goodbye for now. We will see each other around here in Monaco" Charlotte smiles sadly.

"yeah" Charles sighs. He quickly puts shoes on and leaves the apartment. 'Where the hell should I go now' Charles thoughts as he is walking down the stairs. Fortunately it was late august and still warm outside so charles decides to head to a little walk around the beautiful Monte Carlo.

He passes a store and decides to buy some ice cream even though it's race week and he will be flying out to Belgium in few days. He buys some cookie dough ice cream and then heads back home hoping that Charlotte had left already.

In the lobby Charles sees Lando leaving the building.

Lando stops as he sees a little sad looking Charles. "Hey is everything okay?" Lando carefully asks.

"Yep all good" Charles assures, forces a little smile and walks torwards the elevator.