2. News
=======

Charles pov:

After last night everything actually felt good. Maybe it was because I had decided to not think about the break up. Instead I was preparing for the season to continue after summer break.

I had messaged to ferrari about it and they had sent me what to write on my instagram so I had written a short statement about it and then closed my phone. I didn't want to speak about it with anyone instead I chose to think about the tiny chance I still had to win the Championship.

I was going to travel to Spa tomorrow and fly in Max's private jet with Max, Lando, Daniel and Alex. It was nice to finally see my friends and chat about everything that was going on, but I also wanted to be alone. But for now I didn't want to think about tomorrow I needed to go to gym and maybe also go runnung because after all I had eaten a whole bucket of ice cream yesterday while watching some stupid show.

My phone started ringing. I groaned. I didn't want to look who it was but something inside of me said that it might be important. it was Arthur my brother so not important. I still answered.

"What Arthur" I said maybe in a little bit too angry tone in my voice.

"Wow Charles i havn't done anything!" Arthur defended. "I was just calling because me and mom saw your instagram and she was worried because she thought everything was going great with you two" Arthur said.

I was angry. I didn't want to speak about this, but i had to say something. I decided to tell the truth. "Well I thought so too but yesterday she said that she doesn't love me anymore. end of story" I sighed. "I don't really want to talk about this."

"We are so sorry it must be hard for you but you will get thru this." Now it was my mom that spoke.

"I'm actually feeling great but yeah I will get thru this. I have to go to the gym now and pack my bags and Atrhur should too" I said. "I love you mom and will see you next week" I added and smiled a little sadly.

"I love you too. Take care of yourself" mom said.

"What about me? Don't you love me?" Arthur said dramatically.

I laughed "yeah yeah I love you too" I said laughing and then finished the phone call.

Max's pov:

"holy shit didn't see that coming" I mumbled. I was watching Charles Instagram story and the statement about him and Charlotte. I never liked Charlotte tbh.

I had recently also broken up with Kelly. I don't even know if I ever loved her like that. She gave me comfort and was a really nice person and we always had a great time but nothing more. I guess I didn't broke up with her earlier because I loved Penelope. But we kinda grew apart with Kelly and we are still great friends. But I had always had a tiny crush on Charles, I knew he wasn't into men but I always had tiny hope that maybe some day we could be together. Maybe I now have a chance with him i Thought.

"No Max get your self together Charles must be having hard time now and I am just thinking if I now have a chance with him" I spoke to myself.

I decided that the one thing I could do was send a text to Charles. After all we are Great Friends maybe even Best friends. I was thinking about what to write because Charles had asked for privacy and I wanted to give it to him and not seem too curious. I sent simple'hi I heard about what happened. If you want to talk I will always listen!'

Not too long after he responded'yeah thanks Max!'