3. The flight
=============

Charles pov:

It was wednesday morning. I was woken up by someone banging  on my apartment door. I slowly open my eyes. There were some dark clouds and rain was falling from the sky. It was looking like a dark day. Then I finally looked at the time.

"Shit shit shit!" I cursed. It was already 10am and The flight was supposed to leave at nine thirty. I ran to the door and openned it. Max was standing there looking a little angry.

"I'm so so sorry I overslept, give me five minutes" I said and ran back to get my belongings. I was hurrying so i didn't see how Max stared at me when I finally came back with my luggage.

"I'm ready we can go now!" I was out of breath.

"You sure that you want to leave shirtless and with your pj shorts" Max Laughed at me.

"Fuck I'm stupid!" Now I was running again to my bedroom to change. When I was finaly ready we headed torwards Max's car. It was now pouring rain. We were both completely wet when we finally made it inside the airport.

"We don't have to run, It's private jet remember Charles" Max reassured me and chuckeld a little.

"Are the others there waiting for us in the plane?" I asked.

"Yeah. By the way you have to deal with them laughing at you by yourself because you forgot to put an alarm" Max said. I groaned. I knew they were going to question me about the break up and now this. I must be the most unlucky guy ever. Max seemed to noticed that I got quiet and was deep in my thoughts.

"Is everything okay Charles, you can talk to me" Max asked a little worried.

"yeah I'm fine I guess. Just don't have the energy to answer any questions" I sighed not really knowing the real answere.

"Okay but make sure to talk to me if something is wrong" Max smiled at me. It made me blush slightly and I had a weird feeling in my stomach, but decided to ignore it for know. It was just nice thinking that someone actually might care about me.

we were finally at the jet and someone took my luggage. We stepped inside the plane and I could feel many eyes looking at me.

"Yeah yeah i overslept I'm stupid I know. I missed you mates I will make it up for you someday" I laughed and all the others started to laugh as well. I went to sit next to a window and Max came to sit next to me. I was Still feeling kinda tired.

"Well nice to see you Charles now is there something you might want to talk about with us?" lando asked. Alex hit him.

"Lando you can't ask that!" He said in disbelief.

"But it's true you guys just said that you want to know what happened with Charles and Char..." Lando couldn't finish the sentence when daniel stopped him.

"Lando!! You need to learn how to shut up sometimes" daniel shaked his head.

"But yeah we were wondering what happened to you two" Daniel continued. I sighed. I knew i had to say something to them.

"Well now that lando asked so nicely" I laughed. " she told me she doesn't love me anymore and She wants to explore the world on her own" I rolled my eyes and fought back some tears. Max clearly saw that.

"I'm so sorry Charles" Alex said and the others agreed.

"yeah well I guess I had started to loose my feelings for her as well but now I'm single and kinda happy about that also" I smiled a little.

"Well you're not the only one that is single remember me and Max are also single so you don't have to be alone" Lando said happily. I laughed.

"Thanks that made me feel little better really, not that I was sad or angry in some point" I said now genuinely smiling. we started to chat about the summer holiday and how we were excited to be back to racing. The plane took off and because of the bad weather it wasn't very smooth. I was gripping to my seat when Max took my hand and squeezed it.

"everything is okay. You don't have to worry" he said and smiled. I smiled back.

When we were above the clouds he took his hand away and I was little sad. The touch felt good but i was too tired to think about it. I tried to fight the sleep but couldn't anymore and fell asleep.

Max's pov:

Charles fell asleep on my shoulder. He looks so cute sleeping there. Maybe he needed the sleep this morning too. Lando walked to where I was sitting.

"I think he is not okay. We need to keep an eye on him this weekend" Lando said little worried.

"Yeah I was thinking the same. Maybe we should ask Arthur about it, maybe he knows something more" I suggested.

"Yeah I will send a text to arthur" Lando said and walked away.

In the same time my phone beeped. Daniel had sent me a photo of Charles sleeping His head on my shoulder. I smiled.

About an hour later Charles woke up. He looked like an absolute wreck. I lauhed at him a little.

"What are you laughing at" Charles asked still little sleepy.

"Nothing" I said grinning.

"Oh nice" He groaned. Then he stood up and went to the bathroom. When he Came back he had a whole breakfast with him. He had also fixed his hair.

"Stop looking I'm hungry. And never laugh about my hair ever again when yours looks like that" He laughed. I took my phone right away and opened the camera.

"there is nothing wrong with my hair" I said confused.

"You sure?" he asked mouth full of food. I punched him in the arm.

"Oi oi stop that lovers" Alex laughed at us. We both sarted to laugh. The rest of the flight went smoothly all of us Playing a little Mario cart.