4. The friday
=============

Charles pov:

It was now Friday and the paddock was filling up with people. I knew that this was probably the last race where if I won I could still have a tiny chance with the WDC. I had decided to stop following anythin that related to Charlotte in any way. I needed to concentrate to myself like Charlotte did. I was feeling confident and the first two Practices showed that.

"Hey great pace today!" Lando exclamed to me.

"Yeah I really need it if I still want to win" I said.

I was heading torwards the breafing before I could go to the hotel. I heard someone yelling behind me.

"Hey Charles!" Max yelled at me and I turned to see Max running torwards me.

"Hey Max" I smiled.

"I heard you also have an engine penalty for the race" Max said.

"Yeah to be honest our engine seems to be kinda shitty" I sighed.

"Well I don't want to comment on that but I was wondering If you wanted to do something Tonight after the breafing. I really don't want to see my dad" Max laughed.

"Yeah sure I thought I'd go for a run with Arthur but I can do something with you after that. Do you have something in mind?" I asked

"I was thinkin maybe eating somethimg local" Max suggested.

"Sounds good I will text you when I'm ready. But now I really have to go or I'll be late" I said.

"Yeah great see you tonight!" Max answered and started to walk torwards Redbull's hospitality.

I couldn't really concentrate on the Briefing. I was thinking about everything else. Carlos seemed to notice that and kicked me under the table.

"Charles focus or we don't get out of here like ever" Carlos whispered.

"yea sorry" I whispered back. Now we were speaking about qualifying strategy so it was good that I was paying attention. After that we were ready and me and Carlos headed torwards the Hotel. We chatted about our break and did maybe a little shit talking as well.

My run with Arthur was good and we chatted about his race as well as mine too. I also gave him some tips.

"So Charles are you really okay after the break up. It was kinda bad timing because of the tripple header" Arthur asked me.

"Why does everyone ask me if I'm okay. Do I look like I'm feeling shit or something because I'm totally fine" I answered kinda rudely.

"Well you have been little more mad than usual so I was just checking because I'm a good brother" Atrhur defended.

"You are the best brother I could ask for so trust me I'm doing great" I assured.

"Well great then. Do you want to get something to eat after shower?" Arthur asked.

"Sorry but already promissed Max that I would get food with him" I told.

"Okay no worries I will ask Oliver or Jack then" Arthur smiled to me and we both went to get a shower. After that I texted Max that I'm ready and he told me to meet him at the lobby.

Max's pov:

I had been waiting for Charles to be ready. For some reason I couldn't bring myself to do anything useful. When he finally texted me that he was ready I rushed to the bathroom to check how I looked.

"Easy Max we are just going to get some food. This is not a date" I had to remind myself about that. Then I left to the lobby. I didn't have to be nervous, we are best mates after all. When I spotted Charles I had to control myself because he looked so hot just standing there and looking at his phone. Then he Lifted his head and smiled at me.

"So where are we going I'm really hungry" charles asked me smiling.

"Well traditional Belgian food is really disgusting in my oppinion so how about some tacos?" I suggested.

"I love tacos so that sounds great" Charles sounded excited. we started walking torwards the restaurant in downtown. We were chatting about the upcoming race and what we were going to do after the tripple header.

When we finally made it to the taco place it was almost completely full of people.

"Are you sure that we should go there. We might not get the opportunity to eat considering our career choices" Charles laughed.

"Don't worry I know the owner so we will get to eat in peace" I said. We walked inside and I greeted the owner who came to us and took us to little private booth in the back were the staff were the only people who could enter there. I thanked the owner.

"So what should I eat. I know you will have something in mind already" Charles asked.

"You should get the number 16" I laughed and Charles nodded amusedly. When the waiter came to take our orders I ordered two number 16 and two alcohol free beers. The food was delicious and Charles insisted that he should pay. I finally let him do that.

"I have probably never had such good tacos" Charles said.

"Well they are the best but don't tell Checo that" I said seriously.

"But we have to get some dessert even tho it's race weekend but Belgian desserts are the best"

"Yeah can we get the waffles?" Charles asked making puppy eyes and the laughing, I couldn't say no to that. We walked to some small Waffle stand.

"I don't know if i can eat the whole waffle, I will be like ten kilos overweight tomorrow" Charles laughed.

"We can get one and share it" I suggested and Charles agreed. We got one with strawberrys, rasberrys and whip cream. I also asked for two cutlerys wich the lady gladly gave me. We sat on top of some wall and ate in silence. After eating we started to walk back to the hotel.

"This was probably the best food I have eaten in a while. Charlotte never wanted to eat something like this. She always wanted something fancy" Charles said and then realised what he had said and his face went to full ferrari.

"Yeah I don't even know when I was last eating outside" I laughed.

"Well we should definitely do this again in Italy so I can feed you proper Italian food" Charles said. "But maybe not till after the race" Charles suggested.

"Sounds good to me" I said smiling. It had been probably the best night I had had In a while.  We had finally came back to the hotel and we headed torwards the elevator. Turns out our rooms were next to each other.

"Good night see you tomorrow when I beat your ass on track" Charles said and laughed.

"Yeah we will see about that. Good night" I said before going to my room. God how I wanted to kiss that face. My thoughts were running like crazy so I went to take a shower to calm them.

Charles pov:

I felt a weird feeling in my stomach again. Maybe I was starting to catch feelings.

"God no Charles you don't like men. It was just normal night eating with your best mate" I reassured myself. But what if I liked men. Oh god. I went to shower. I heard that the shower next to my room was also running. I couldn't help but think about how I would like to shower together with him. Maybe I was into men after all.