5. The Saturday
===============

Max pov:

I had seen a dream about Charles and I don't know if I can ever look at him repectfully. First I couldn't sleep and then that dream. We had made out on the Monza podium. I don't know if I can step onto that podium ever again. It would be fun recreate that dream in real life tho.

The third practice was good and I was now Heading torwards the Red Bull's facilities to eat lunch before qualifying.

"Hey Max" I heard Lando shout and I turned to see him running torwards me.

"Whats up" I asked.

"Arthur answered me about Charles last night and I wanted to talk to you about it in person" Lando said.

"Oh don't tell me it's something really bad" I was worried.

"Well Arthur said that he is ignoring his feelings and wants to forget Charlotte so he can concentrate on racing" Lando answered.

"Well that will not end well. I could try to speak to him about this, maybe sunday after the race" I suggested.

"Yep sounds good. See you later" Lando said and left. I went to eat.

The qualifying was great. At least for me. I was like half a second quicker than Carlos who came second and almos second quicker than Charles who was fourth. How ever me and Charles were going to start p14 and p15 due to our engine penaltys so it was going to be tight race. After the debrief I finally was able to go back to the hotel. I had not seen Charles all day. I was kinda worried about him but reassured myself that he is fine and probably somwhere with Pierre or Arthur or maybe Carlos.

Charles pov:

Today was not very good day for me but I was still starting next to Max tomorrow. I had been trying to avoid him today. I had not been able to sleep properly because I was thinking about him. I had decided to ask Pierre for help. I was not good at these type of situations. I heard a knock at my hotel room door and went to open it.

"Hi Charlie!" Pierre greeted me happily. "What did you want to talk about with me?" He asked. We sat down on my bed. I siged, this was not easy.

"So I don't really know how to talk about this" I was moving nervously.

"It can't be that bad, you can tell me anything" He assured me.

"I think I might like Max" I said so quietly that he bearly heard me.

"Oh Charlie" He said and hugged me. I had started to cry without even realising that.

"It's okay I support you no matter what and I know that everyone else will too" he said almos crying himself.

"But what if he doesn't like me" I was now fully crying. "I'm scared. What happened to me."

"Charles I know that he likes you. He always looks at you so happily and he adores you. You don't have to be scared, but I'm so happy that you told me this and you showed that you really trust me" pierre said now also crying.

"What have we done that we are both over twenty  crying and hugging" I laughed.

"I don't know" Pierre laughed. "But are you sure that your feelings have nothing to do with the Break up that you just had?" Pierre asked.

"Yeah. I think that I have always liked him. I just had a phase where I loved her. But I don't wan't to talk about Charlotte I'm totally over her" I assured.

"Okay if you say so I belive you. But now should we do something before going to sleep?" Pierre suggested.

"Oh should we go get facials in the spa. I heard that Carlos and Caco went there yesterday and Carlos's skin was glowing today. I would also like to relax before tomorrow" I said.

"Sure that could be fun. Should we ask Arthur to join us?" Pierre Asked.

"Yeah sure I'll call him" I said.

After that we went to the spa and it was awsome. I probably fell asleep while face massage. We all thought that we have to do this more often. We were so relaxed after that. I was happily walking thru the hallways in my bathrobe when I literally bumped into Max and fell to the ground. Shit.

"Oh I'm so sorry I didn't see you" He said and gave me his hand so I could get up.

"Your face is glowing. Where were you?" he asked. I was now also bright red.

"I was at the spa with Pierre and Arthur getting a facial" I said shyly.

"Oh that sounds nice" He said.

"Yeah it was. Where are you going?" I asked.

"I'm heading to the store, I was craving a smoothie" he answered.

"Could you bring one for me also? I'm a bit hungry and really tired so I don't feel like going there myself" I asked.

"Sure no problem, do you want something else?" He asked.

"Hmm, could you also bring some small yogurt?" I smiled.

"Sure, i'll bring it to you in like twenty minutes" He said smiling back.

"You're an angel thank you" I said.

"No problem" he said and left.

I was now laying in my bed with only my pj shorts. I had took a shower and now I was watching some Belgian tv show. I heard few knocks at the door and went to open it.

"So here is your food" Max said and gave me my food.

"Thank you! I will pay you back sometime" I assured.

"Don't worry about that" He smiled.

"I will. But good night and see you tomorrow!" I said.

"Good night Charles"

Oh god how badly I wanted to kiss him. Maybe I will get the courage to do that some day.

Max pov:

It took me all my self control to not kiss Charles. He looked so hot standing there shirtless. I caught myself thinkin the dream from last night. I have to do something about this but what. I sighed. Maybe I should try slow approaching.

"Fuck" I groaned and went to drink my smoothie.