7. The outdoor fun
==================

Charles pov:

I woke up in my room. I felt tired and I could not remember what happened last night. I tried to move but something or someone held me in my place. I looked under me and saw Max freaking Verstappen sleeping there. Holy shit. Did I sleep with him. No we both had clothes on. Then it came to my mind. I had had some kind of melt down, and he had came to help me. I smiled, he looked so peaceful sleeping there. I laid my head back at his chest and closed my eyes. He smelled so good and his breathing was calming me. His hands around me felt safe. I kind of felt like home. I fell asleep again.

I don't know how long I slept but I woke up by someone Stroking my back. I groaned.

"No I don't want to wake up" I complained.

"Charles it's almost mid day you have to wake up, or we won't get breakfast" Max chuckled. Oh! Now I remembered that I was sleeping in Max's arms. I rolled over to the other side of the bed and turned to watch Max.

"Thank you for being there for me yesterday" I said almost whispering.

"I will always be here for you if you need me" He smiled and got up.

"I will go to change and then come back, and we can go eat" He said.

"Okay great" I smiled. Then he left. I moved to the side of the bed where he had been laying and smelled the sheets. Oh god how I loved that smell. Then I remembered that I don't have much time, so I got up Changed my clothes and brushed my teeth. I even fixed my hair a little until I heard a knock on the door and I went to open it and stepped outside the room.

"What are your plans for today?" Max asked.

"Well I will leave to zandvoort tomorrow, so I don't have anything for today" I said.

"Should we do something fun, I think you could need that" He proposed.

"Sure that would be nice, do you have something in mind?" I asked.

"Well its beautiful day so I thought that we could go to Aerial Adventure Park which is near to" Max Said.

"That sounds fun yeah let's do that" I smiled. It was nice that he wanted to do something with me. We got to the hotels breakfast room and saw Pierre, Lando and Carlos. We went to sit with them after we had got our food.

"So you two seem to have made up" Pierre said casually.

"Yeah" We both said at the same time and smiled.

"Great so what are your plans? We are not leaving till tomorrow, and we don't really know what to do" Lando asked.

"We are going to some kind of outdoor activity park where we climb on trees" Max said.

"You guys can also come If you want" I said. They all agreed. I could see a little disappointment in Max's eyes but didn't think too much out of it.

"So who will drive us?" Carlos asked.

"I can drive us My car for this week has five seats unlike yours" Max said and laughed referring to mine, Carlos and Landos cars. We all agreed to meet at the lobby in fifteen minutes and went to change for something suitable for outdoor activities.

When we got to the lobby and headed towards the car Lando yelled "shotgun" and we all laughed at him. At the end it was Carlos who got to sit in front and Lando had to settle in the middle seat since he was the tiniest of us.

Max's pov:

We were driving towards the activity park, and I was kinda sad that I didn't get to go there alone with Charles. However I saw how happy Charles looked while sitting in The back and Chatting with Pierre and Lando. Carlos was in Charge of the navigating.

"This looks nice" Pierre said as we got out of the car.

"I am going to beat you all!" Lando was so excited.

"I am not sure how we can compete in this" Carlos said.

"Who goes thru the track fastest" Charles shrugged his shoulders, and we all laughed. We got some type of harnesses and someone showed how to use them in a Practice track that we all had to go thru before we could go by ourselves.

We had a lot of fun and it was very physical. Charles and Lando slipped of the track a few times and always screamed when they hung there ten meters up in the air from only their harnesses.

"You can't be scared, we drive death machines every weekend" Carlos laughed. After we had gone thru every track we were pretty hungry, so we headed to the town. We ate some great pizza and then went back to the hotel.

"I really want to get like a massage or something like that. I heard that the spa here is great" Lando said excitedly.

"It is really good me, Pierre and Arthur got facials there and Carlos also" Charles said.

" I heard that Valtteri and Zhou got a massage here, and they said it was amazing" I said.

"We should go there" Pierre was now also excited and Carlos nodded.

We all made our way towards the spa. We were guided towards the changing room. I saw Charles in only his boxers and I bit my lip. How could I concentrate on anything today after seeing how hot he looked again. I was laying on a massage table next to Charles and I could hear the sounds he made when the massager touched somewhere that was extra stuck. The sounds sounded so good. I could feel what they did to me and I didn't know what to do about it.

Charles pov:

We were all getting a massage after the outdoor activity and it was so nice. I could hear Lando giggling next to me.

"Lando please that annoys me stop it" Carlos said sounding annoyed and me and Max started to laugh.

"But it tickles me and I know you like it" Lando said cheekily.

"Lando not here" Carlos hissed.

"Sorry" Lando said sounding a little embarrassed. I was wondering what that was all about.

"Pierre has been really quiet. Did he die or something" Max said and I noticed that too.

"He is sleeping I can hear him snore" Carlos laughed.

"How can he be asleep This hurts so much that I can bearly be still" I said and hissed because of the pain. I heard how Max moved on the table next to mine.

When, the hour had passed we got up and I walked to where Pierre was still laying and I slapped him. He woke up immediately.

"Charles wtf, why did you do that?" He cursed.

"You were sleeping, and we are leaving" I simply said. He groaned and got up. We were getting back to the dressing room I saw Max there and something was looking tight in his pants. 'holy shit' I realized what it was, and I was now heavily blushing.

We were all heading towards our own rooms. It had been long and fun day. I went to pack my luggage ready to leave tomorrow. My flight was in the afternoon luckily, so I could sleep till noon. It was now ten pm and I had eaten my supper. I was getting ready to go to bed, but I was scared of being alone. I really don't know why. I had never been scared of being alone.

"Fuck what is wrong with me, now I can't even sleep alone" I whispered. Few tears made their way out of my eyes. I did the only thing I could think of. I grabbed my phone and key card and headed to the room next to mine. I stood there a few minutes afraid, but then the door just opened.

"Charles what are you doing here" Max said surprised.

"I am scared" I whispered and felt the tears again. Max took my hand and guided me to his room and towards his bed. He pulled the covers up and I went to lay there. I was still crying. He just Came to lay behind me and hugged me. I snuggled closer and put my head in his chest. He stroked my hair. It was so calming how gentle he could be with me.

"Do you think Carlos and Lando are together?" He asked me after a while of just laying there in silence.

"I was thinking the same thing" I laughed slightly. "I have seen Lando a couple of times in our Motorhome and one time sneaking from Carlos's room. How did I not see this earlier?" I gasped and Max laughed. It sounded so cute.

"Yeah, I have been thinking about this for a while now but I think I got my confirmation today" Max said. I just hummed. I was getting sleepy.

"Good night Charlie" Max said to me. I smiled.

"Good night Maxie" I said and fell asleep on his arms again smelling his familiar scent.