8. the Zandvoort
================

Charles pov:

It was now thursday, and I had slpet terribly. It was probably because I had been sleeping alone. Max was not there. I was affraid, I didn't want to disturb his sleep every day because I couldn't sleep alone. I had had a few nightmares and after waking up sweating because of them I was scared to go back to sleep.

I was sitting eating breakfast with Lando and Alex.

"Jeez Charles you look like shit" george said.

"Thanks mate!" I smiled. "I have not been able to sleep very well last few nights" I said and sighed. Lando was now looking me closely.

"Why have you slept so badly?" he asked.

"I don't really know" I lied. I didn't want to tell them the real reason. They didn't know I was gay and craving Max's arms around me. I also didn't feel like coming out to them now when I didn't even know what to think about it myself.

"So do you have press conferences or media pen?" Alex asked.

"I have media pen. I hate thursdays" I admitted.

"We all hate media duty. But Alex we are in the same press conference" Lando said excitedly.

"Not fair I also have press conference but there are all the old ones I think" George said pouting.

"Mate you are there with Mick, esteban and Max they are not old!" alex laughed and me and Lando followed.

"Well I think it is me and all the old ones in the media pen" I smirked. "Not complaining tho they are fun".

After breakfast I made my way to the circuit. There were a lot of photographers waiting for us. I was wearing sunglasses so they could not capture my dark under eyes. When I got to the hospitality and took the glasses away my mediamanager gasped.

"Yeah I know I look good but no need to be so shoked" I said sarcastically.

"I'm sorry but you can't go to the media pen looking like that" she said. She sat me down and told me to wait there while she grabbed some make up. After doing something to my face like twenty minutes I was finally ready.

"Here are some wipes so you can take the makeup off after the interwiews" She gave me some sort of bag with wipes. I thanked her and we made our way towards the media pen. Luckily the interwiewes were over pretty fast and I could go to the meeting.

I was so tired that I actually fell asleep against Carlos's shoulder. He didn't wake me up before we were done and I saw Mattias disappointed face. Carlos shwed me an apologetic smile and left me alone with Mattia. Great.

"Charles what is going on with you. You SLEPT almost the whole meeting" He sounded angry. I tried to fought back tears. I was so tired.

"I'm just so tired. I have not slept well Since monday" I said.

"Well you better sleep well before tomorrow, do you understand?" He asked.

"Yep I understand" I sighed.

"Well now go back to the hotel to sleep" he said and left me alone.

Max's Pov:

I was just leaving the circuit, and going back to the hotel when I heard Carlos shouting at me. I turned to look at him.

"Hi Carlos" I said happily.

"You have to do something to Charles" He said out of breath because of running after me.

"Is something wrong and why can't you do something?" I asked.

"He doesn't listen to me. But this morning Lando came to me and said that Charles looked really bad this morning and He said he has not been able to sleep in the last few nights. He also fell asleep on our meeting that ended few minutes ago. He slept thru the whole thing and Mattia was really angry" Carlos told me.

"Oh god, I will try to speak to him" I said shaking my head. "Btw why did Lando come to you and not to me directly" I asked smiling. Carlos immediately started blushing.

"Well we are together. But you can't tell anyone about this" He whispered to me.

"I knew it, just wanted confirmation about it but I am really happy for you" I smiled and patted his back.

"Thanks mate means a lot" He smiled back.

I headed back to the hotel thinking about Charles. I needed to talk to him. I decided to take a shower before I would go to his room. In The shower I was again imagining Charles being there whit me. I was heavily obsessed with him. My hand wondered around my private area and my eyes fell close. 'No Max you can't do this'. But why not. Not like I will tell him that I was satisfying myself in the shower thinking about him. After the long maybe a little bit too long shower I dressed comfortably wearing gray sweatpants and hoodie. I decided to head to Cherles room Straight away and I could maybe eat with him.

I knocked to his door. It took almost a minute until Charles openned the door. I was not ready to see him looking like that.

"Well I know I'm really hot but the atenttion I have gotten today because of that is little too much" He laughed and yawned. I walked inside.

"Charles we have to talk" I said straight away.

"Yeah I know but I'm hungry so let's eat before talking" He suggested.

"Sure I'm pretty hungry also. What do you want?" I asked.

"Pasta" he said immediately. I laughed.

"Okay let's go."

We walked outside and got to some restaurant. We were not dressed very restaurant approvely, so we took our food with us and went to eat them in some kind of park.

"So I have some exciting new for you" I said.

"Please tell me you are retiring from this season" He said and we both laughed.

"No something way better. Carlando is real" I saw Charles mouth dropping.

"No way this is so great" Charles said happily while eating.

"Yeah I know, but you can't tell Carlos that I told you. You have to pretend that you figured it out alone" I said seriously.

"Sure I will just catch them tomorrow after second practise in Carlos's room" Charles smiled. I noticed him shivering. The sun had settled so it was getting cold.

"Are you cold?" I asked.

"Yeah a little bit" Charles answered. He was only wearing a t-shirt. I gave him my hoodie.

"Are you sure that now you are not cold?" He asked me but I assured that I will be fine. He looked so cute while wearing my hoodie. We walked back to the hotel and I was surprised that not a single fan seem to notice us.

"So Charles we are worried about you" I said seriously when we were back in his hotel room.

"Who are we?" He asked.

"It doesn't matter, but now talk to me what is wrong?" I asked. I saw him thinking about it and finally he started talking.

"Well i'm scared of being alone. I don't know why but I have been getting these nightmares and I'm affraid of sleeping because of them. I didn't want to bother you with my problems every night so I just decided to deal with it by myself" he told me.

"Charlie" I whispered. "You can always come to me whatever it is that is bothering you. Even in the middle of the night you can come to me it doesn't bother me at all" I said and I saw tears in his eyes again.

"Okay" he simply said. "But I am really tired so can we go to sleep or Mattia will kill me tomorrow" He laughed.

"Yeah let's go to sleep" I said and we climbed to Charles' bed. He snuggled close to me and I took him in my arms and stroked his hair. It didn't take even five minutes for him to start snoring quietly.

"I love you" I said and went to sleep.

Charles pov:

The rest of the weekend went better. I slept in Max's arms every night and I didn't look so tired anymore. I caught Lando and Carlos after second practice in Carlos's Driver room. They admitted that they were together. I drove well. I started the race second next to Max and ended up third witch was good. I watched a lot of movies with Max and we ate good food. It felt so good to have someone there for me. Sunday night Pierre came to my room when I was watching brooklyn 99 with Max.

"Charles, Oh hey Max!" Pierre said clearly happy about the fact that Max was laying in my bed and I was wearing a red bull hoodie.

"Charles can I talk to you in private?" Pierre asked.

"Sure we could go and take a little walk?" I suggested and pierre nodded.

"I will be back!" I shouted Max and left with Pierre.

"So What are you doing with Max in your room every night and you are even wearing his hoodie" Pierre sounded amused.

I told Pierre the whole story about how I could not sleep and Max offered to keep me company.

"I don't understand why you didn't come to me, but i can see that you are happy with Max. I also know that you like him so is there something going on with you like that?" He wiggled his eyebrows.

"No it's nothing like that" I assured him but i'm not even sure if I belived that.

"I know you want something more so I think you should just go for it" He said. "And I fully support you but I think you should maybe come out to your family before you do something with Max"

I agreed with him.

"Yeah I know. I just don't know when to tell them about this" I sighed.

"Maybe Monza would be a great place for that. They will be there so tell them there" Pierre suggested.

"Yeah I will" I smiled. We were back at my hotel room door. We said good night and I went back inside. I saw Max already asleep even tho it was only ten pm. I climbed to the bed next to him. He moved towards me.

"I am sorry, didn't mean to wake you up" I apologised. He just snuggled closer and Continued sleeping while I was still thinking about everything. Soon I also fell asleep.

I was in Monza watching Arthur race. He was P2 and he was close so he could overtake the one in front of him. Just as he was Trying to overtake they made contact and Arthur flew to the wall. I gasped. I saw my mom already crying. Lorenzo ran towards the pitwall. Red flags were now waving and cars came back to the pits. I ran towards Lorenzo.

"What is wrong?" I asked.

"He is not responding" Lorenzo whispered. Tears were now streaming out of my eyes.

"No no no, This can't be happening" I screamed. I saw how on marshal had gotten him out of the car. He was covered in blood. The marshal shoked his head and signaled that He was not breathing. Now the medical team was also there, but they just covered him Into a withe blanket. He was carried off on a stretcher. I felt that I could not breathe anymore.

"Charles" Lorenzo said but I could not answere.

"Charles" He said again. I was shaking. I openned my eyes and saw Max.

"Calm down Charles it's just a dream" He said. I was now hysterically crying. He pulled me in to a hug and didn't let go.

"What was it about?" He asked when I had calmed down a little.

"Arth.. Arthur died while racing" I sobbed.

"It's okay he is alive we are not racing" He assured me.

"I want to see him" I cried. Max picked up my phone and facetimed Arthur. It rang three times before Arthur answered.

"Charles c'est une nuit qu'est-ce que tu veux?" He said sounding tired.

"Sorry to wake you up but Charles saw a nightmare about you and he wanted to see you" Max said.

"Well I'm alive so you can go back to sleep" Arthur laughed.

"Je t'aime bonne nui" I said to him

"Je t'aime aussi dors bien" He said and hung up.

"See he is okay you can go back to sleep" Max assured.

"But I'm scared" I said.

"Do you want me to do something?" Max asked.

"Can you sing?" I whispered. he didn't protest and started to sing dutch lullabies. I was asleep again in no time.

--------------------------------

This Was A long Chapter. I don't think I've ever written this much at once.

I'm not sure if I like this chapter but it's better than nothing.

I hope you enjoyed this and Thank you for reading and voting this story:)

(I don't speak french so it's google translaters fault if the french sentences are totally wrong)