10. the Monza
=============

Charles pov:

It was the night between thursday and friday and I wasn't able to sleep. I guess it was because of the nerves. Racing in Italy as Ferrari driver was always stressful. I guess I was little bit nervous, because I knew Charlotte would be here. I don't know why tho.

"Why are you awake?" I flinched.

"I thought tha you were sleeping" I whispered.

"Well you are awake so now I am awake too" Max said. he pulled me closer. I was again the little spoon.

"I was just thinking about everything" I sighed.

"It's three am. You should not be thinking anything right now. If you don't sleep Mattia will be mad" He stated.

"Well he's leaving after this season so I'm not so worried" I said. Max moved so he was now facing me.

"He's doing what now?" He was now wide awake.

"Merde. I wasn't thinking no no no" Great now I had revealed a big seacret to red bull. I started to panick.

"Shh Charlie it's okay I promise I will not tell this to anyone" Max assured me.

"How am I supposed to trust that" I was now freaking out. I got out of the bed and started to pace around the room. "I'm so stupid"

"I think that you are starting to trust me so you are accidentaly revealing your seacrets and I like that very much" Max tried to help me calm down. It didn't help. Next I would probaly say that I was gay without thinking about it. I had now stopped pacing around. I flinched when I felt two arms sneaking around my waist.

"Charlie it's okay, I swear I will not tell anyone" Max was now whispering to my ear. I got goose bumps all over my skin. I turned over and looked him in the eyes.

"Promise?" I asked

"I promise" he smiled and gave me a kiss at the top of my head. Oh shit maybe he likes me.

"We should go back to sleep" he whispered. I was not able to say anything so I just nodded. He guided me towards the bed and I just climbed on top of him. It didn't take very long for me to fall asleep when he was stoking my back.

Max woke me up by speaking to someone on the phone. He was looking out of the window while he looked unhappy.

"No I don't know when I will be free, but we agreed on not seeing each other anymore. Do you understand I don't have feelings for you. Even tho my dad thinks that you would be a great wife for me I don't think so and I think you are doing this only because my dad offered money for you, so the answere is no. Bye." He hung up the phone.

"Who was that?" I Yawned.

"Kelly" He said.

"Oh I forgot about her, what even happened to you two?" I asked. I have never had courage to ask Max about this.

"Well I never really loved her, but I want to focus on the race weekend so let's not talk about this. Okay?" He suggested and I nodded.

It was now time for the first practice and I was feeling nervous. I had to win this week so the tifosi could get something to celebrate. It was hard to concentrate if you were dressed like a banana.

The first practice was good nothing really interesting in there. I was happy and hungry. I noticed Carlos on the other side of the garage.

"Hey mate do you want to go eat together?" I asked.

"Sure! Meet me in five outside of the garage?" He asked and I nodded before going to change my banana suit. We had grate time eating and catching up.

"So how are you and Lando doing?" I winked.

"Honestly I have never been happier. It's great to have someone that you care about that much with you almost every weekend" He smiled.

"Yeah that is great" I said not thinking.

"Oh do you have someone?" Carlos asked sounding surprised. My face fell because of the accidental confirmation.

"Well I don't know, but I like him very much" I smiled trying to be as cryptic as possible.

"It's a him!?" Carlos was now overly excited.

"Fuck why do I keep doing this today?" I hid my face behind my hands.

"So you have been spilling more seacrets today for someone else?" Carlos asked.

"Well yeah but I don't want to talk about that" I said.

"So who is the mystery man?" Carlos wiggled his eyebrows. And like it was meant to be Max walked past us and smiled at me. I immediately smiled and blushed.

"Omg is it Max?" Carlos whispered.

"What, how did you know?" I asked confused.

"So it is! I can't belive this" He was looking happy and also little scared.

"I don't know if it's a good idea Charles he is literally the enemy" He stated.

"Yeah I know that, but I just can't do anything without him anymore and he doesn't even know that I like him" I was hidin behind my hands again.

"Mate you should tell him that you like him. Otherwise you won't maybe get a chance to be with him if he finds someone else" Carlos was speaking the truth.

"I will tell him. I just need to find the right time and place" I said.

It was time for the second practice. Banana was back in the car. The practice was good. nothing really great but still good. After the debrief I headed to the hotel again. I had been thinking about what Carlos said earlier and I had decided that I need to tell about my feelings before Monday.

Max's pov:

Saturday the qualifying day. I was excited. I had never won a race in Monza and really wanted to do that this weekend. I still hoped that Charles would have good weekend also but I still wanted to win even tho I really liked him. I woke up having my arms around Charles once again. I don't think I could ever sleep without him. I had been talking to Lando and he had adviced me to talk about my fellings with Charles. I wanted to but I was scared.

"What are you thinking about?" Charles asked. Oh how sexy his morning voice sounded.

"Just everything" I smiled.

"Are you ready for today?" I asked.

"No not really but I don't think I have a choice" he laughed. Breakfast was good I ate with Charles, Daniel, George and tired Lando, who just complained about getting to sleep far too late and waking up far too early. Hmm I wonder why.

"Hey I just got a message from Alex that he will not be driving because he is getting appendicitis surgery" George suddently said.

"Oh my god is he okay?" Lando asked.

"I think so" George answered.

"Who will replace him?" I asked.

" I think Nyck" Charles said while he was looking at his phone.

"That's really great for Nyck that he gets a chance" Daniel said. We were all excited for Nyck and I personally was looking forward having other Dutch one in the grid.

When finally was time for qualifying Charles was quicker than me, but I knew that I would overtake him tomorrow. Me, Charles and Carlos climbed out of our cars and went to greet our teams. I saw that Charlotte was there as well and frowned.

"I didn't know that Charlotte would be here this weekend, and why is she?" I asked Carlos.

"I don't really know. I guess she is here with some company that she is doing collab with" Carlos suggested. Then I saw that Charlotte hugged him and kissed his helmet. I was kinda angry and walked away to be weighted. After the pictures and interwievs I quickly left to the red bull hospitality. We had a two hour meeting before I could go back to the hotel.

When I got to the hotel I was still jealous and decided to not sleep with Charles the tonight. I ate alone and played some fifa with Daniel who was bored. I was laying alone in the bed and felt lonely. I remembered that I had one of Charles's hoodies in my suitcase so I put that on. I wanted to at least smell him.What if it's too late allready and he's getting back together with Charlotte. Should I just try to get him out of my head and try to find someone else. I think I could do that.With that thought I went to sleep. I just could not sleep.

Charles pov:

It was almost eleven in the evening and Max was not here.Did he already forget me or worse did he tell everyone about Mattia getting fired. I have to calm down. Maybe he just fell asleep. I should not distract him and I should just sleep alone tonight.Someone knocked at the door, It must be Max.

"Hi" I said.

"Charles I want you and I need you. I love you" I was speechles. what was happening.

"What?" I just couldn't get anything else out of me.

"I want to be with you don't you feel the same way?" I could not do anything right now. I could not move. Lips pressed against mine.

"No what the hell" I pulled away panicking.

"What's wrong?"

"You are at the wrong place" I said now stone cold.

"What do you mean?"

"I don't love you" I said.

"But we would be so good together think about it"

"No, Charlotte go away I'm in love with someone else" I said now angrily.

"How the hell did you even get my room number?" I asked.

"It doesn't matter, but just so you know this is not over yet. You will realise that you still love and need me" She said.

"No way" I said and slammed the door to her fece.

After I had closed the door I fell to the ground. I was shaking. I didn't know what to do so I called Pierre.

"Hey Charles what's up?" He aswered.

"I need you please" I whispered.

"I'm coming I will be right there" He said sounding serious.

I was shaking and crying. I openned the door for Pierre to come inside.

"Oh Charles what happend?" He asked.

"Charlotte came here and told me that she still loves me and she kissed me" I sobbed.

"Charles it's okay, I know you don't love her so it's okay everything is fine. But where is Max?" He was confused. I just started to cry even more.

"I don't know he didn't come here tonight and I was too affraid to call him" I just whispered.

"It's alright Charlie I will stay here with you" Pierre said while rubbing my back.

It was one of the worst nights ever. I barely slept and the race would be so important today. As I predicted the terrible sleep affected my race and I finished second after Max. After the race he didn't even come to me or look at me. I felt like shit. I had let everyone down.

Pierre came to me when I was leaving back to the hotel.

"Charles we are going out to party tonight and I don't care that you are tired but we are getting waisted. You need that very much and I need this too" Pierre said.

"Sounds good to me I want to get drunk and forget this race and weekend" I agreed. Pierre looked at me surprised. We went to the hotel and got ready to the party. I didn't even remember when was the last time that I had been in a party so this would be really good for me.

We took a taxi together with Carlos and Lando.

"Just before we go inside Max will probably be here too as this is his friends party" Pierre said looking guilty.

"Are you kidding me" I was mad or maybe not.

"Well atleast I can make him jealous" I smirked. Pierre Lando and Carlos looked at me like I was crazy. "What? You said I needed this so it's what I'm going to do" and with that I left to get a dink.

I had so much fun. I was dancing with different girls and guys. I had also seen Max and Daniel there. I was drinking with such a fast pace that I had no limits anymore. I noticed him looking at me and took the chance and pulled one guy closer to me and to my surprise the guy kissed me and I kissed him back.

----------------------------

Thank you so much for 1k reads and all the votes<3

My exam week is starting soon and before that I will not have much time to write but I'm trying my best.

Sorry for the cliffhanger ;)