11. The after party
===================

Max's pov:

I had just witnessed some man kissing Charles in the middle of the dance floor. I felt angry and walked over to Charles.

"What the fuck was that?" I asked angrily.

"What are you a homophobic or something?" he giggled.

"No as a matter of fact I'm gay" I said.

"Well so am I, and you know there is someone really handsome in this room that I would like to kiss" Charles stated. I was too stunned to speak. Charles was gay, were all my dreams really coming true? But who was the pearson he wanted to kiss, I wanted to be the person.

"Well who is the lucky guy?" I asked little sad.

"I think you know him very well. He is taller than me, very handsome, He has the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen and I really like him" He said. All the alcohol that Charles had been drinking seemed to be gone. He sounded so serious.

"Omg Charles just tell me who he is" I was now freaking out about him liking someone other than me.

"Well he is the same age as me, has the same job as me and is currently looking at me" Charles smiled.

"Are you talking about me?" I asked carefully. I didn't get an answere. I just felt soft lips against mine,finally. I melted into the kiss until I realised that we were at a bar.

"Let's get out of here before someone sees us" I smiled and guided Charles out of there.

"let's get a taxi and go to the hotel" Charles said. I just nodded.

The taxi ride was way too slow as the driver had recognised Charles and they were speaking full Italian that I didn't understand at all. I think the driver drove so slow because he didn't want Charles to leave. When we finally got to the hotel elevator and the doors closed I pushed Charles against the wall.

"I want you" I whispered into Charles's ear. I felt how he shivered while I was kissing his neck. The doors openned and we ran towards my room.

"Hey Max!" I heard someone scream and I immediately took my hand off Charles' hand.

"Oh hi Cristian" I said trying to smile.This must be the worst timing in my life.

"Why were you two running?" He asked sounding suspicious.

"We were having a competition" Charles said. I could not think about any good reason to be running around hotel hallways when it was almost midnight.

"Okay, do not be up too late" Christian said and winked at us before leaving.

"Do you think he caught us?" Charles asked.

"I'm afraid he did" I sighed but then I sprinted towards my room.

"Hey false start!" Charles screamed and ran behind me until we got to my room.

As soon as the door closed we started kissing like we were hungry for each other. I had never been more happy.

"I think we need to be a little bit more careful next time" Charles smirked while we were catching our breaths.

"yeah we raelly need to.." I couldn't finnish my sentence because Charles' lips were all over mine. His hands were travelling up and down my back. suddenly his lips were on my neck. He was sucking my skin. That would definitely leave a mark but I dind't care. He sucked on my sweet spot and I couldn't control myself anymore and a sweet moan left my lips. Charles stopped and looked at me smirking.

"Please don't stop" I begged him. He just smirked and left me there standing alone. I groaned, he was clearly teasing me and I kinda liked it. We were both still pretty tipsy so the limits were off. Charles started to take his shirt off slowly while keeping the eye contact. My mouth fell open when I saw him there without his shirt.

"Oh Charles don't do this to me" I begged.

"Do what" He smirked.

"I would like to take a shower now so it's your choice if you want to join me or not" He smirked and went to the bathroom. I just stood there like an idiot. I guess that just took me off guard. Then I obviously decided to join Charles. I was painfully hard so I had to do something about that.

I walked to the bathroom. Charles was already under the large shower fully naked. I took my clothes off and walked to Charles who's back was facing me. I slipped my arms around his wais and he jumped a little from the surprise.

"Fuck you look so sexy" I whispered into his ear and started to kiss him down his neck. He turned around so our faces were only few centimeters apart. I wanted him so bad. His hand took some bottle from the table and he started to massage me with it. I just moaned. it felt so good for him to touch me everywhere, well except where I most wanted him to touch me.

"Charles please" I moaned.

"Don't rush. We have all the time in the world" He smirked. Then he handed the bottle to me. I knew that I had to give him a payback for teasing me. He could see how hard I was and Now I could see him also.Fuck. I decided that I would be as slow as possible and It worked. Charles was moaning so loudly that the people in the room next to mine would probably see nightmares after this. When I was finally ready Charles pulled my dick into his hand and I had to fight to not come straight away.

"Same time?" Charles asked I nodded and took his dick in my hand. A loud moan left his lips. We both started puling up and down in the same rythm.Fuck this is all I have been dreaming about last few weeks.It didn't take very long before we both came. I could not wait for the day that I could have him inside of me.

We stayed in the shower a little bit longer until Charles almost tripped down.

"I'm so tired" He mumbled into my arms. I had not noticed how tired he actually looked like until now.

"Let's get you to sleep" I smiled and turned the water off. I wanted to be as gentle as possible when I dried Charles and myself. I guided him to the room and gave him my boxers so he'd have something to sleep in.

"I'm cold" He whispered while I was Changing. I took one of my hoodies and dressed him. After that I lifted him up and carried him to the bed. I climbed there and took him in my arms. He was already drifting off when he mumbled a 'bonne nuit Maxie'.

"Good night Charlie" I kissed his forehead. At that moment I felt like the luckiest man on earth and I guess I also was.