12. The day after
=================

Charles pov:

I woke up in Max's arms. It took a second for me to remember what happened yesterday. I smiled, I was so happy. I was also wearing max's hoodie wich smelled like heaven to me. I noticed that it was almost mid day and decided to wake Max up by kissing his face. It only took few kisses before he started to move.

"Good morning Maxie" I whispered.

"No, I don't want to wake up" he murmured.

"Well it's almost mid day so you better start waking up" I said and continued giving him kisses until he started to laugh. I picked up my phone and looked at the missed calls and text.

"Fuck" I whispered.

"What is it?" Max asked.

"Pierre has called me fifteen times and I have 35 unread messages" I said.

"well you better call him back right now" Max suggested and I instantly called him.

"Charles wtf. You just disappeared yesterday how dare you" Pierre was really angry.

"I know I'm sorry! I just didn't have time to look at my phone" I defended.

"Well what were you doing then?" He asked a little more calm now. I noticed Max smirking and he mouthed words'who were you doing'. I blushed.

"Charles answere me!" Pierre said.

"Nothing" I stated knowing well that Pierre wouldn't belive me.

"Charles is there someone with you?" He asked now sounding interested.

"No" I lied.

"Liar! Is Max there with you?" He asked.

"Maybe" I said.

"Well fucking finally, oh thank god" pierre sighed.

"Well thank you I'll go now and not a word to anyone, well except Christian maybe knows but still not a word. Bye" I said and hung up.

"I had already forgotten that Christian caught us yesterday" Max laughed and pulled me into a hug. I was deeply in my thoughts. I was thinking about why Max didn't come to my room the night before sunday.

"What are you thinking about?" Max asked.

"Why didn't you come to my room the night before sunday?" I asked.

"I was jealous" Max said straight away.

"About what?" I was confused.

"You and Charlotte. She kissed your helmet after the pole and I was jealous" Max said sounding little sad.

"I didn't even notice that she did that" I gasped.

"I'm so sorry" I said and kissed Max.

"You have no reason to be. I'm the one that should be sorry" Max said.

"Well that night she came into my room and said that she still loves me and wants to be with me and then she kissed me" I said.

"She did what? And you didn't do anything about it" Max said now little angry and he moved away from me.

"I pulled away as soon as I could. But you have no right to be mad at me because of that. You are the one that left me alone that night and I had a panic attact" I was now also mad. Max had no right to be mad at me.

"I'm sorry Charlie I didn't mean what I said" He asid and pulled me into a hug.

"How can I make it up to you?" He asked. I smirked.

"How about a date tonight? I promissed to take you eat some good pasta in Italy" I asked.

"I would love that" He said and kissed me. We started making out until there was a knock on the door.

"Shit, go open it" I said to Max. Max walked to the door looking quite messy.

"Oh hey Daniel" He said so I could hear who was at the door.

"Hey Max! You promissed to get breakfast together today" Daniel said.

"Oh yeah I totally forgot. How about we meet in the lobby in ten minutes?" Max suggested.

"Sure! Bye Max and someone else" Daniel said a little bit louder. Max turned to look at me while closing the door.

"How did he know?" Max asked.

"Well you are bright red and your hair looks a little.. interesting" I laughed. We both changed clothes so we could go to eat. I wore Max's Sweat pants and White shirt so no one would notice that they were not my clothes.

"So when we see Daniel let's just say that we bumped into each other in the hallway" Max suggested and I agreed. When we got to the lobby Daniel was there with Lando, Carlos and Yuki.

"I hope you don't mind that they join us" Daniel said.

"No, not at all Charles will join us also" Max said and I smiled. We all headed to eat. When we sat down Yuki started to complain how he had not been able to sleep last night.

"Why couldn't you sleep Yuki?" Lando asked.

"Well some people in the room next to mine were having a fun, loud and long shower together" He complained.

"Wich room were you in?" Pierre asked who had joined us.

"I think 708" He said. I saw how Max almost choked in his coffee. I tried not to blush too hard. Pierre eyed me looking suspicious.

"Did you hear any names? It would be fun to know who was there because this hotel is full of f1 people" Lando said looking curious.

"I think it was someone whose name started with M but I didn't really want to listen" Yuki said. Now all the eyes turned to Max who was trying to eat.

"Max do you have something to tell us?" Carlos asked.

"Nope nothing" Max said and continued eating.

"C'mon we all know it's your room next to Yuki, and there is a huge hickey in your neck so spill the tea" Daniel said. Max immediately put his hand in his neck.

"At least tell if it was worth for me not to sleep because of that" Yuki said.

"I don't think it was worth it for you but for me it was" Max shrugged and continued eating.

"Charles you have been quiet what's up?" Lando asked. I turned to look at him.

"I'm fine little disapointed because of yesterday" I shrugged.

"Yeah I get that" Carlos said.

"So when are you guys leaving back home now that we have two week break before Singapore?" I asked to change the subject.

"Me and Pierre are driving to Milan tomorrow" Yuki said.

"I think we are all flying with air Max tomorrow morning" Lando said.

"Oh yeah I already forgot that" Max laughed.

"Nice always me who gets left outside" I joked.

"No I'm flying with Arthur, mom and Lorenzo tomorrow also" I quickly added.

"So what are our plans for today? I don't want to be alone with Carlos all day" Lando asked.

"Oh so you are finally telling us that you are together" Daniel said while looking at his phone.

"What no! How did you know?" Lando sounded scared while Carlos was laughing and hiding behind his hands.

"Lando you ruined it" he laughed.

"Well our driver rooms are next to each other and let's just say that you are not the quiet type" Daniel said and we all laughed.

"Well now that Lando busted us, what sould we do today?" Carlos asked.

"Should we go carting in fiorano?" I suggested and everyone agreed. We went to prepare ourselves and left to the track. I had called the track and asked If we could come there and they obviously agreed. when we got to the track it was empty.

"Nice did you rent the whole track?" Yuki asked.

"I guess I did" I said and laughed. We had a fun day karting. Carlando bumped into each other like ten times and After the last lap I bumped into Max. When I got inside they were all laughing to a video.

"You had a dejavu moment with Max" Daniel laughed while showing me the'nothing just an inchident'video.

"Oh my god how do you know about that" I groaned.

"It's like most watched f1 meme nowadays" Lando laughed. I just shook my head. we all headed torwards the hotel and I pulled max to the side before going back inside.

"Meet me in the lobby six pm" I said and he nodded. I got to my room and took a shower before getting ready to our date. Max texted asking me what to wear. I said that normal clothes were good. We met in the lobby and Max looked so hot in my opinion.

"You look hot" I said and blushed.

"I think you look great too" Max said and we left.

"We have to be more careful tonight so Yuki doesn't hear us" I laughed.

"So you want a round two?" Max asked.

"Don't you want?" I freaked out.

"Of course I want. But we should take things slowly for now" Max laughed. I made a decicion that I would make him beg for my touch tonight.

"So where are we going?" He asked.

"To eat pasta at the best restaurant" I smirked. We got to a small restaurant. I greeted the waitres and she guided us to a small table.

"So this is the restaurant I always come when I'm in Italy. I know that you will love the arabiatta" I winked at Max. We both took the pasta arabiatta and some white wine. When we waited for the food we spoke about what we were going to do back in monaco. I knew that I could not sleep with Max holding me every night and that made me a little sad. Max reassured me that we could spent as much time together as we wanted. We were after all living in the same building. As I promissed Max the food was amazing and we had a great evening also speaking about our lives. After I had payed we left.

"So do you have room for the dessert?" I asked.

"There is always room for dessert" Max laughed. We walked to an gelato stand. I took tiramisu flavour and Max took a panna cotta flavour.

"Can I test yours?" I asked and didn't wait for an answere. I licked the gelato as slowly as I could. I noticed Max shifting in his place.

"This is much better than mine, I wan't to switch" I pouted.

"Sure but next time I won't switch" Max said. We walked torwards the hotel when Max whispered to me:

"Screw the going slow I want you"

"Well I think I want to go slowly so you have to deal with that" I pointed at Max's tight pants "By your self". Max just groaned. When we got to the elevator he pressed me against the wall and started kissing my neck.

"No Max you wanted to go slowly" I reminded him.

"Well I don't want that anymore" He said. He grabed my hand and dragged me towards his room. After closing the door I was ready for the real teasing.

"I'm going to take a shower" I said, went to the bathroom and locked the door. After Max noticed what I did he groaned loudly. I was also hungry for him but I didn't want to give up so easily. I took a long shower before heading to the bed part of the room. When I saw Max laying in the bed I dropped my towel to the ground and stood my back facing him while I brushed my hair.

"Oh fuck Charles" Max moaned and came standing in front of me.

"What do you want me to do" He asked.

"fuck me" I said. Max moaned like that was just what he wanted to hear.

"Take off your clothes" I demanded. He did just what I asked him to do. I don't think someone has ever fucked me like he did. It was amazing.

"Do you want to be my boyfriend?" Max asked me when we were in the shower together to wash off the dirt.

"I would love to" I said. We had another make out session in the shower and I almos felt bad for Yuki. I think I had screamed Max's name as hard as I could. Max's moans were echoing in the bathroom while I was on my knees. The water was running thru my face while I was sucking Max's dick.

"I don't think I have ever been more horny than today" Max said after I had done my job.

"Next time is your turn to do the job" I laughed.

"I have never given a head" Max whispered. My eyes widened.

"You could have said something, I'm not going to pressure you to do anything you don't feel comfortable doing" I said and kissed Max.

"I know" Max said before falling asleep this time him in my arms.

-------------------------------------------

I have never written smut so we will see if I will ever write actual smut but hopefully you liked the chapter<3

I have been strugling with stress because of school and my computer has been having problems. But I really enjoy writing this story so hopefully you like reading this as much as I like writing!