13. Back to monaco
==================

Max's pov:

I was getting ready to go back to Monaco. I had been away from home for almost a whole month. I was flying with Lando, Carlos, Nyck, Daniel and also Pierre and Yuki who had decided to come to monaco I don't really know why but they just asked me if they could join us and Obviously I didn't say no.

It was currently nine am and Charles was still sleeping while I was packing my bags. I noticed Charles' hoodie on the ground and decided to wear it. I left one of my hoodies for him. Someone knocked at my door.

"Hey Max ready to leave?" Nyck asked.

"Yeah give me two minutes and I'll come" I said and closed the door. I walked over to still sleeping Charles. He was hugging a pillow with his back facing me. I took a quick photo before I climbed behind him and started kissing his back. He groaned and turned to face me.

"I have to leave now but you can stay here until you have to go" I said.

"Noo don't go" He complained and mooved on top of me so I couldn't leave him.

"Nyck is waiting me outside and you are leaving in a few hours Charlie" I laughed.

"Fine, When will we see again?" He asked and started kissing my face. I melted into his touch, I didn't want to go anymore but I had to or Nyck would get suspicious.

"Maybe tonight, but I'm not sure" I said and kissed him while getting up.

"Okay I'll see you tonight" he said and kissed me one last time before I left.

"I'll miss you" Charles shouted. I sighed when I closed the door and walked towards Nyck. I was going to miss Charles even tho we would probably see each other tonight.

"I'm not going to ask any questions yet" Nyck smiled at me.

"You better not ask when the others are with us" I said seriously. Nyck just smiled at me. We all took our rental cars to the airport, but because Nyck didn't have one he was riding with me. Since it was 'early' morning everyone, well except Daniel were looking tired.

"Max I'm never sleeping in the room next to yours" Yuki said when we were all finally sitting in the jet. I hid my fece behid my hands.

"Well I didn't say anything" Nyck laughed.

"What do you mean?" Carlos asked.

"Well when I went to get Max from his room he just said 'wait two minutes' closed the door and was gone for almost ten minuses and I heard someone saying something when you openned the door again" Nyck said.

"Oh come on man you agreed not saying anything" I was disapointed.

"Well Max now you have to tell us" Daniel laughed. I saw Pierre looking at me and shaking his head slightly. I knew that Charles would freak out if all of these people knew about us when we only confessed our feelings towards each other two days ago.

"Nope I will not say anything" I said.

"Pierre why you did you shake your head at Max I saw you?" Lando asked.shit.

"No I didn't" Pierre lied, but it wasn't very convincing.

"I didn't expect this" Daniel said.

"Oh for god sake I'm not sleeping with Pierre" I said frustrated.

"Max if you are sleeping with another man we're not judging you" Nyck said and everyone agreed.

"And I know who you are sleeping with I just didn't want to say it but I'm so bad at keeping seacrets and I wan't to tell them" Yuki said.

"Fine tell them, but you can't tell anyone do you all understand?" I asked sounding serious. they all agreed not telling anyone.

"And if I find our you have told someone without my agreement or the other ones I will tell some dirty seacrets about all of you" I threatened.

"So just to confirm you are sleeping with another man?" Lando asked excitedly. I nodded

"Yuki can you please tell us we want to know" Carlos said impatient.

"It's Charles" Yuki said and everyones mouths dropped.

"Well this was definitely something I didn't expect" Daniel laughed.

"Yuki how did you know?" Pierre asked. Yuki blushed.

"Well I heard Max screaming his name yesterday" He said quietly.

"Omg this is so embarrassing" I hid behind my eyes.

"No Max it's not. We are all happy that you are finally happy with someone" Pierre said "And I knew this before any of you knew" He bragged and everyone laughed. The rest of the flight went quickly when we were talking about the little break and everyone was asking me about Charles.

Charles's pov:

After Max left I got up and found out that he had taken my hoodie. I smiled because he had left one of his hoodies for me. I quickly changed my clothes, took all of my things and left the room. when I closed the door I bumped into Christianfantastic.

"Oh hello Charles" He said.

"Hey Christian" I said smiling and tried to get past him but he stopped me.

"Look I know that you and Max have something going on and I can't belive that I'm saying this, but I am really happy for you. Max has been stugling with his love life and I hope you can give him what he needs and the same goes other way around" He said smiling and left. I stood there speechles.Did he really just say that or was I dreaming? I guess he really said that. I looked at the time and realised that I would be late if I didn't go now.

"Well finally mister I'm always late" Arthur teased me.

"And whose hoodie are you wearing? As far as I know that is not yours" Lorenzo said.

"Well firts of all Arthur you should be grateful that you get to fly with me on a privat jet and second, This is my hoodie from now on" I said and gave a kiss to my mom. Atrhur looked down on his shoes but recoverd quickly.

"Mom will get the truth out of you once we're in the air" He said smiling. I sighed and we left towards the airport. I was sitting next to Lorenzo on the plane and mom and Arthur opposite us. I got a message from Max saying that yuki had heard us last night and told the rest of the guys on the plaine. 'merde' I whispered. I didn't know how to feel, I guess I was little bit scared. I didn't reply Max.

"What is it Charles?" Mom asked me.

"Nothing" I said quickly.

"C'mon Charles why can't you tell us?" Arthur asked.

"It's Max" Lorenzo said and I turned to look at him in shock.

"What!" I was so confused, how did he know?

"You came out to us before the race weekend and you said that you like Max and now you are wearing his hoodie" He said.

"how have you become such a detective?" Arthur asked happily now that he got the truth he wanted.

"I saw Max wearing that hoodie in the paddock on thursday" He said proudly. Arthur and mom started laughing. I was just angry.

"Can you stop talking about my love life I don't want to talk about it and you are just not leaving me alone" I said agrily almost shouting.

"Charles leclerc I did not raise you to be disrespectfull towards us! Yes I know this is a difficult subject for you right now but do not raise your voice" My mom said raising her own voice. I was shoked how she handled this situation. I stood up and left to sit on the other side of the plane. I texted Max that I wanted to see him asap when we landed. I put my headphones on and just sat there listening some random music. When we landed I took a separate taxi to my apartment. Luckily me and Max lived in the same building so I went stainght into his door. When he openned the door I started crying.

"Oh Charles come here! What happened?" He asked me while wrapping his hands around me.

"My mom yelled at me because I didn't want to speak about you to them and I'm just scared about how everyone will react when we tell them about us" I said it was hard because of the crying. Max lifted me up and carried me to his sofa where I cuddled closer to him.

"It's okay Charlie you don't have to be worried. Lando, Carlos, Yuki, Pierre, Nyck and Daniel all reacted well when they found out and your family didn't you come out to them as well?" he asked.

"Yes and they reacted well but now they are just rude and unfare towards me" I cried even harder now.

"Shh Charles everything will be alright I'm here and I'm not leaving you" Max reassured. When I had finally calmed down a bit I told him how Christian had reacted when he saw me coming out of Max's room.

"Christian is amazing team boss, but I definitely didn't expect this from him. He's not the most smartest when it comes to dating and Geri always tells me about that but I'm happy that he reacted so well" Max laughed

"Well I don't think Mattia would be as happy as Christian but maybe fred will. He has always liked me" I said and then realised what I said.

"No fuck fuck fuck please forget what I said" I was now freaking out again.

"I didn't even hear what you said" Max assured me and gave me a kiss. He definitely made me the happies and he comforts me when I'm feeling down. I think I'm falling in love.