14. the cardio
==============

Max's pov:

We had now been in Monaco for three days and I could not be much happier. I loved spending time with Charles and our friends. The slow mornings we had and the late nights when we stayed up doing couple cardio. We had been training normal things also obviously. Charles had been a little bit down because of the conversation with his mom. Pierre and I had reassured him that his mom was just being unfare because he was protecting Arthur as he was younger but deep down we knew that there was something else going on, but we just wanted Charles to be happy. Today was saturday and I had planned we would go boat riding just the two of us. Luckily it was looking sunny and warm.

I woke up at about ten am. I was spooning with Charles being the little spoon. I was admiring the view I had of Charles' back. I decided to let him sleep as long as he wanted. He had had another nightmare last night. It took a while for him to calm down so he needed the sleep. I walked into the wardrobe and picked up one of Charles's hoodie before walking to the kitchen. We were currently in his apartment. The light was shining thru the windows, I was smiling. I decided to make some breakfast and surprise Charles. I made some protein pancakes and avocado toast. I was actually not so bad cook that everybody thought I was. Charles was good at making some spesific foods but bad in everything else. I felt two arms wrap me from behind.

"Good morning sleepyhead" I said and turned around to give him a kiss.

"Hmmm I love you" Charles hummed as he was still very sleepy.

"You don't have to wake up yet if you are so tired" I suggested him.

"No I'm not tired" Charles protested and at the same time a big yawn escaped his mouth and I chuckled.

"I can take nap later I don't want to sleep without you" He said still hugging me. I loved his touch.

"Sure we can take a nap later" I said and turned back to cooking.

"So what are out plans for today?" Charles asked while I was putting food on the plates.

"I thought that we could go for a boat ride after morning workout" I said and gave him a plate.

"Sure sounds good, are we taking my boat?" Charles asked smiling.

"Yeah well I don't have such a nice boat like you do so I guess we are" I laughed.

"This food is so good, thank you Max" Charles said mouth full of food and gave me a kiss on the cheek. While we ate we chatted about what movie we could watch in the evening and should we get our lunch on the go so we could eat on the boat.

"I will clean up so you can go" Charles said and started cleaning the kitchen. I heard the doorbell ringing.

"Do you want to open or can I go?" I asked.

"You can go I'm not expecting anyone" Charles said. I walked towards the door and openned it.

"Oh hey Pascale and Arthur" I said surprised.

"Hey Max! Where is Charles?" Arthur asked looking confused. That could be because I was wearing a Charles star child hoodie.

"He's in the kitchen come in" I said and stepped aside so they could come inside.

"Who's at the door!" Charles yelled. Then he noticed his mom and brother standing in the kitchen. Charles was not wearing a shirt so I think Pascale could not have gotten a much worse first impression of me even tho I was wearing clothes, but they were still Charles's.

"What are you doing here?"

"Look Charles I know I have been a very bad mom these last few days and I should have been more supporting towards you and I'm really sorry about that" She said looking very sad. I could see Charles having some tears in his eyes so I walked to him and started rubbing his back.

"I know that you have been a bad mom and you should have been more mother like towards me when I was clearly having a tough time" tears were now falling from Charles's eyes.

"I know and I'm so sorry. I want you to be happy and that's all that matters to me" Pascale said now crying also. Charles walked up to her and they hugged.

"I love you Charles no matter what" She whispered.

"I love you too". when they broke the hug Arthur speaked.

"And I'm sorry too I shouln't have pressured you to tell us about your love life" He said.

"I know you can be very shitty you know that" Charles alughed and hugged Arthur.

"So are you dating?" Arthur asked looking at me. I looked at Charles and nodded slightly.

"Yes we are" he answered.

"I'm so happy for you" Pascale said smiling. "We have to get to know you better Max. When could you both come to dinner?" She asked.

"I think next week, I'm not sure about the date yet but we will tell you when we know" Charles said. after little bit talking they left and we got ready for morning gym.

"So how are you feeling, are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah I'm happy that they apologised so I can be in peace now" He said shrugging his shoulders.

"Good, I'm happy if you are" I said and kissed him. Charles started kissing me and his hands were quickly wondering under my shirt.

"Charlie" I said and broke the kiss. "We can do that later but Andrea and Brad will kill us if we don't go to the gym now" I said even tho I didn't want to leave.

"Finee" Charles sighed. "But after the gym do we go straight into the harbour so people don't see us together there?" He asked.

"Yes let's do that. Can you get the lunch when you leave the gym?" I asked.

"Sure! Bye" Charles left. We had to go seperately to the gym so it didn't look suspicious and we could not go near each other since that would start rumous. We also had to leave seperately. Charles took his car there and went twenty minutes before me. We were working out almost two hours and to be honest I was ready before Charles but I had to do something extra so we could stick to the plan. Throughout the workout I took a glance at Charles, he looked so hot while sweating.

When I could finally leave I was rushing thru the city so I could get my hands on Charles's body as fast as possible. I got to the harbour and practically ran to Charles's boat untill I realised I didn't know where it was. I had to call him.

"Hey where excatly is the boat?" I asked sounding rushed.

"You sound like you want something to do with me" He teased.

"Just tell me please" I begged Charles.

"Fine it's on place 316" Charles answered and I tried to walk there not looking suspicious. When I got inside the boat I saw Charles standing there waiting for me.

"Oh god I want you! You looked so hot while working out" I said releasing a breath I didn't know I was holding. I walked towards Charles but he stopped me.

"Not so fast Verstappen, I will get us away from the harbour first" He said and walked outside. I groaned, my dick was killing me. I had to wait almost ten minutes before I had the guts to go to where Charles was driving the boat. I needed to be sure no-one would see us. I wrapped my hands around his waist and started kissing his neck.

"You're sweaty" I pointed out and he laughed.

"Well no shit sherlock I was at the gym, and you are not the one who gets to comment how I'm sweaty when you smell like that" Charles teased me.

"I wanted to shower with you" I said giving Charles puppy eyes.

"Well we're going swimming asap when we are so far that no one can see us" Charles said and I just continued kissing his neck. after another ten minutes he stopped the boat.

"Ohh Maxie" Charles moaned and I was ready for some action.

"Let's go" I said and guided him back inside towards a big bed. I couldn't wait anymore and it looked like neither could Charles

"Please Max I need you inside of me" Charles was asking and I was delivering. After a very long and intense couple cardio we were both exhausted.

"I don't think I can walk anymore" Charles laughed.

"Well that means I did a good job" I said proudly.

"You definitely did, but should we go swimming now so I could get all this sweat away?" Charles asked. I nodded and we quickly put on our swim trunks on. Charles jumped into the water first and I didn't hesitate to follow. when my head came to the surface I instantly swam to Charles.

"What are you looking at?" He asked me.

"I'm hungry" I admitted

"For me or something else" Charles winked.

"For actual food you dummie" I laughed.

"Oh shit I forgot the lunch.." Charles said quietly.

"Oh Charlie" I laughed "What do we do now?"

"Well do you know anyone who has a boat and could bring food to us?" Charles asked sounding embarassed.

"Well I don't so I think we have to get back" I said.

"Wait Lewis has a yaht do you think he could get us some food?" Charles said.

"I doubt he would do that" I laughed and we swam back to the boat.

"Well I can check if there is any food in the kitchen" Charles said and left me alone at the deck.

"Hey there is actually some leftover salads!" He yelled and I went to have a look.

"I forgot that I let Joris borrow the boat two days ago so these must be his" Charles smiled happily and grabed salads and sodas for us.

"Well we have to thank our lord and saviour Joris then" I laughed. We went to eat the food on the deck. When we were done eating we went to lie down in the sun listening some music and just talking. After a while I noticed Charles peacefully sleeping there. I gave him a kiss on the forehead and started to scroll down my socials while I was gently brushing my fingers thru his hair. About half an hour later I got a message from Daniel. It was a link to some gossip page article. I quickly red the headline'Max Verstappen getting in Charles leclerc's boat in Monaco'. I frowned at the photo under the line. It really was me but how could they recognise me from it. I decided to just forget it, after all it was just gossip page.

The sun was starting to set when I realised Charles had been sleeping way too long for him to fall asleep easily at night.

"Wake up Charles" I whispered. He started to move a little so I gave him a kiss in the nose.

"We should maybe head back home" I said still carefully because if Charles would still be too tired he would be angry.

"I'm cold" He just hummed back.

"Let's go inside and get you a hoodie" I said and lifted Charles up, he was just hanging in my arms like a koala.

"We should come here more often" he said sounding sleepy. I noticed how he was shaking from the cold a little.

"We should but next time you have to have more energy so you don't sleep for half of the time" I laughed. I picked a hoodie for him and we headed back to the deck so Charles could get drive us back.

"Can we take a picture?" Charles asked me.

"Ofcourse if you want to" I gave him a kiss.

"I love you so much" Charles said to me while looking at me.

"And I love you too" I said and gave him another kiss. the picture turned out to be perfect.

---------------------------------

Hello again I couldn't get the picture there after the text so the picture they took is the cover of this chapter! Hope you enjoyed this. I think this might be my favourite Chapter yet<3