15. the cold
============

Charles pov:

I woke up feeling odd. My head was hurting, I was freezing, my eyes didn't want to open and my nose was running. I also felt my throat hurning and my muscles feeling sore. I groaned because of the bad feeling. I noticed that Max was still sleeping. I just watched him and thought about our great day yesterday. The day had been amazing and I wanted more days like that in the future! Suddenly I felt a sneeze coming, I tried to fight it but I had no chance. Max woke up immediately because of the sudden sound.

"Charlie are you okay?" He asked me.

"Yeah I'm good" I said trying to smile when my voice sounded weird and my nose was running like niagara falls.

"Oh don't lie to me, are you sick?" Max looked at me worried.

"I don't know, everything hurts and I'm so cold" I finally admitted whining.

"Come here, I will go make you a place on the couch soon" He said and openned his arms. I quickly hid in his arms. He put his hand in my forehead and hummed not sounding happy.

"You are hot" He said sounding serious.

"Well obviously I'm hot, if I was not you probably wouldn't be with me" I joked.

"Not the time to joke about this" Max said trying to hide his smile. "Come let's get you some comfy clothes and then lets make you a little nest in the sofa" He said and got up. I followed him to the closet. I was shaking because of the cold. Max dressed me into one of his hoodies and sweatpants, then he also gave me these kind of fluffy socks. after that we made our way to the living room. Max ordered me to sit down while he gave me many blankets, some tissues, water bottle, some medicine and a thermometer. He also openned the tv so I could watch something.

"So now let's see how bad your fever is" he said and putted the thermometer under my underarm. When it beeped he took it out and looked at it with a frown.

"So what is it?" I asked and sneezed.

"You have 39 degrees fever" He said and got up looking worried.

"I will run to the store and a pharmacy but I don't want to leave you alone in here" He said while thinking about his options.

"Just call Arthur he will come and watch me while you are gone" I suggested while I crawled under the blankets.

"Oh great idea, you should be sick more often" Max joked.

"C'moon you should be nice to me while I'm dying here" I said dramatically.

"I know I'm sorry" He gave me a kiss and then went to call Arthur.

"I'm hungry" I yelled while he was still speaking with him. Max came running to me and hung up with Arthur. Now I clearly have him wrapped around my finger.'I could take advantage of this'I thought smiling

"I'm so sorry but the fridgeis empty. Tell me what you want so I can get that" Max said while looking at me.

"I want avocado, chicken noodle soup, Ice cream and warm juice" i said while making puppy eyes at him.

"Ofcourse I will get those!" Max kissed me and walked towards the door because someone had just knocked.

"Max do you know where Charles is we were supposed to go to the gym this morning and he isn't home" Andrea asked. I heard Andrea's voice so I got up a little bit too fast and collapsed on the floor. I groaned, the fall also made a loud bang so Max came running back with Andrea.

"Omg Charlie what happened?" Max asked me while gently lifting me up and placing me back to the sofa.

"I was just coming to talk to Andrea but when I stood up I just collapsed" I explained while tears were running down my face.

"Okay you are not allowed to get up anymore without me do you understand?" Max said to me seriously. I just nodded.

"So you are clearly sick wich means no training in minimum three days and then we will take a look at the situation again" Andrea said looking confused probably because of how Max treated me and because I was in Max's apartment.

"Yep understood" I said and closed my eyes because I felt suddenly tired. I heard arthurs voice before I drifted off to sleep.

Max's pov:

"Hey Max and Andreas... what are you doing here?" Arthur asked confused.

"Me and charles were supposed to go to the gym but not now obviously" He said while looking at now sleeping Charles.  "But I have to go now, take care of him" Andrea said to me and patted my back. I was little bit confused but shrugged it off.

"So I will go to the store and pharmacy but please call me if something happens, and don't let him get up before I come back. He just collapsed to the floor and I'm not taking any risks" I guide Arthur.

"Sure will do that but can you also get something salty because usually when he's sick he wants like chips or salt crackers ect" Arthur asked me. I nodded and left.

I tried to be as quick as possible. It was not easy with the fans and at the pharmacy I also saw Daniel so I chatted a bit with him. I had to ask the workers help because I didn't know what to get. I ended up getting some cough medicine, painkillers, alexi pyretic (I only knew that it helps to lower the fever) and lastly some cooling pads. At the store I tried to buy as much things I knew that Charles liked. When I finally got back home Charles was still sleeping while Arthur was watching tv next to him.

"Babysitting Charles must be one of the most easiest job I have ever done" Arthur laughed when I asked how it had been.

"Great I will make him some breakfast now you can go back home thank you and I will call If I need you to come here" I said and walked to the kitchen. Arthur left quietly. When I was almost done with Charles's Avocado toas and warm juice I heard him calling me. I rushed into the living room.

"I'm so cold" He whispered still half asleep "And I have to pee" He added.

"Sure let me help you get up" I said and lifted him slowly into his feet.

"Can you walk?" I asked and Charles nodded. We walked slowly to the bathroom, I guided him inside and didn't leave him.

"You can leave me here I can do this myself" Charles laughed.

"I'm not taking any risks" I informed him and sayed beside him. After he was done I guided him back to the sofa and gave him the medicine that would get the fever down.

"This is disgusting" Charles said and gave it back to me.

"You have to still drink it otherwise it won't help" I said softly giving it back.

"But I don't want to drink it" He said almost crying. He was so weak and I didn't want to force him but I knew I had to.

"If you drink it you get your breakfast quicker and I will come cuddle you sooner" I tried to bribe him.

"But I get those no matter what" Charles said. He was clearly not falling for that.

"If you drink that you can post whatever you want to my instagram" I suggested. Charles immediately drank it and afterwards made a funny face.

"Great now give me your phone" He said and streched his arm towards me. I could't say no so I gave it to him. I went to get his breakfast while he was choosing a photo. I took the breakfast to the livingroom so Charles didn't have to get up. I sneaked up behind him to look at what he was going to post and I groaned when I saw the inchident video and a caption 'yes it was my fault Charles is the best driver ever<3'

"Are you really going to post that?" I complained.

"Well obviously" Charles smiled and hit post. I knew that I would be getting a ton of messages after this, but I wanted Charles to be happy so I decided to let that be.

"Okay now let's eat you were hungry" I said and gave Charles the food. I watched him while he ate food happily while watching some disney movie on tv. After we were done eating Charles was getting hot probably because of the medicine.

"I'm so hot" He complained while he was laying safely in my arms.

"But that's good, it means that the fever is dropping" I said happily.

"No it's not I'm feeling uncomfortable" he said and wiggled out of my arms. I sighed and got up to get him one of the cooling pads I had bought. When I got back Charles was giggling while looking at his phone.

"Tell me what they are saying" I said. I knew that this must be about the Instagram post. Charles just gave the phone to me while I gave the cooling pad to him.'Lestappen is real omg' said one comment. Pierre had commented also saying 'I knew this day would come' and f1 account commented 'netfix entered the chat'. I freaked out a little because now people were starting to become suspicious about us. When I looked at Charles I saw that he had fallen asleep again, he was probably very tired. I decided to head out to the balcony to work out a little, I didn't want to leave to the gym if something happened with Charles. I also didn't want to wake him up so working out outside was the best choise.

I had been working out about one and a half hour when I saw that Charles was calling me, I quickly answered.

"I need to pee" he said and I laughed.

"Sure I'm coming" I said and hung up. When I got to the living room I saw Charles looking very bad, tissues were all over the floor and his face was red.

"I feel terrible like I need to throw up" He said whispering. I quickly lifted him up and carried towards the bathroom. After he had peed he turned white and threw up luckily hitting the toilet. I bent down to take a look at his face that was pale.

"Oh Charlie I think we need to go to the hospital" I said. I was really worried about him.

"Yeah I think so too" He whispered leaning his head to my chest. It broke me to see him like this. I called Arthur to inform him that we were going to the hospital. He said that Pascale and him would also come after us.

"Okay Charles I will carry you to the bedroom so we can change hospital approved clothes" I said while I lifted Charles.

"I'm good thank you" He hummed. I took a look at him wearing redbull hoodie and black sweat pants.

"I'm sorry Charlie but we have to change your hoodie" I said and he whined when I took that off of him. I felt that the hoodie was sweaty so it was good that we changed that. I gave him the star child hoodie that I had stolen from him.

"Not wearing this" He said and giving it back to me. He was acting childish but I didn't want to argue with him so I just gave him another one of my hoodies which was not redbull one and he gladly accepted that. When I had changed I carried Charles to the hallway. I tied his shoes and grabed my car keys so we could leave. We were waiting for the elevator and I could feel Charles swaying from side to side.

"I feel dizzy" He said just before he collapsed again. luckily I catched him.

"Come on come fucking faster" I cursed to the elevator wich didn't help. When It finally came to us I could feel Charles hanging loosely in my arms. I ran to my car and just hoped that there were no fans outside. I gently placed Charles to the car. My hands were shaking while I was driving a little bit too fast. When after twenty minutes we finally arrived to the hospital Charles woke up.

"I need to throw up again" He said helplessly. I got out of the car helped him up and he literally threw up the second he got out of the car. After I was sure he would not throw up anymore I lifted him again and ran inside. Nurse came to me instantly.

"Hey I don't know what's wrong with him" I explained the situation to her and she guided me to a room so I could lay Charles down. Doctor came in right away and started to examine Charles. I was holding my tears. I was so scared because I didn't know what was wrong. after the doctor was done Arthur and Pascale came running to the room.

"How is he?" Arthur asked immediately. I couldn't get any words out of my mouth. I guess I was in shook. Pascale clearly saw how difficult this was for me and she started stoking my back trying to calm me down.

"I don't know. When we came here he threw up again" I managed to say still trying to fight my tears. We just stood there watching the nurses putting Charles in all kinds of tubes and changing him into some hospital clothes. After a while the doctor came back.

"So he is just having aggressive cold and I think that he might also be stressed about something wich has caused the vomiting. He also has tiny dehydration so we will fix that also. We will keep him here tonight and give him some new medicine, but I think he should be fine in couple of days" He said and we all took deep breaths because of the stress that was now going away.

"I think tomorrow you should talk to him about what is stressing him out so much and take care that he drinks enough after he's released from here" the doctor added.

"We will thank you very much!" Pascale said and shook the doctors hand before he left. The nurses were also heading out and one of them said that we could take a seat next to the bed. I stayed little bit behind so Arthur and Pascale could go see him first.

"I will get something to drink, do you want something?" I asked them. Both requested a water and I left to the cafeteria down the hall. I was still stressed and needed to talk to someone.

"Hey mom" I said when she picked up.

"Hey honey, what's going on it's almost ten pm shouldn't you go to sleep already?" She said worried. I hadn't even realised that it was that late.

"Yeah I need to talk to you about something very serious" I said and took a deep breath.

-----------------------------------------

Hey I'm back after a while! The exams and my hobbies have been keeping me extremely busy but now I have time again to write.

I hope you enjoued this part and thank you so much for reading and voting and commenting it means to me more than you know<33

(btw I don't personally really like the haas's new livery)