16. the hospital
================

Max's pov:

I was scared because of Charles, even tho the doctors said that he would be fine but still. I had also been thinking about the fact that I hadn't told my mom about my relationship with Charles or that I was into men at all. Now I was going to drop that bomp to my mom this late and with no warning. I wasn't even talking to her in person. But I had to talk with her about this, I had been silent for over a minute when she spoke again.

"Max tell me I'm getting worried" She said sounding scared. I garthered myself okay Max you can do this she will love you no matter what'

"Mom I have a boyfriend" I whispered. It was silent for too long or so I thought.

"Max I know you like men you don't have to be scared to talk to me about things like this, I love you no matter what but I still think you shouldn't tell Jos yet" She said sounding happy and relieved. I released a breath I didn't know I was holding.

"Thank you" I said.

"But why would you tell this to me now and not when we are seeing each other in couple of weeks?" She asked. I knew she would be smart enough to get this.

"He's in hospital and I'm scared" tears were now streaming down my face.

"Well If he's in hospital why are you not there with him but you are talking to me" Mom laughed.

"I wanted his family to have time alone with him and I went to get something to drink" I thankfully remembered that now and started walking to the cafeteria.

"Well he will be fine and I think you should go back there, but are you going to tell me what happened or who is he?" I was thinking about my options but decided that I wanted Charles to have a say in this. I had seen how stressed he became when our friends found out about us. So I explained everything that happened today to my mom but told her that I didn't want to tell his identity before speaking with him first. After that we ended the call. I felt much calmer and lighter when I walked back to the room with two waters and one coffee for me. I had planned to stay awake the night. When I walked back to the room I could see that Charles was awake and he was chatting about something in french with his family as Lorenzo had also came there while I was gone. I didn't know if I should go closer but before I could think about it too much Charles saw me and called my name. everyone turned to look at me when I walked closer. I gave the waters to Pascale and Arthur before sitting to the only empty seat left. I took Charles' hand and started to rub it with my thumb while just watching him.

"I was so worried, don't do this to me ever again" I whispered again tears in my eyes.

"I'm sorry" Charles seemed tired and I didn't blame him.

"You have no reason to be please go to sleep" I said and lifted our intertwined  hands and kissed his. Charles just smiled before closing his eyes. We all sat there silent for few minutes until Lorenzo started speaking in french to the ohters. I was too tired to care so I just sipped my coffee while thinking about what we could do tomorrow if Charles felt any better. I notice how Arthur fell asleep on his moms shoulder and how Lorenzo was also yawning.

"You can go home to sleep if you want, I can see how tired you all are. I will be here the night and call if anything happens" I said and Pascale looked at me smiling.

"Thank you Max. I'm a lucky mom to know that Charles is in good hands with you" She said and smiled at me before gently waking up Arthur so they could go home. We said byes and in a falsh of light I was alone with Charles in the hospital room. I decided to read my messages because there was a lot. I saw that most of them were from the f1 grid group chat and I openned it only discover a picture of me carrying Charles to the car before coming to the hospital.

Pierre: What is this Max?

Daniel: Omg Lestappen is real!

Sebastian: Is Charles okay?

Lando: Wow I didn't think you would be this obvious in public yet...

Carlos: Lando!

Lando: What?

Carlos: You just exposed them to the whole group

Lando: Oh shhh sorry....

Alex: Omg I'm screaming so happy for you guys!!

Mick: But what happened to Charles and why neither of them are responding?

Lewis: I saw a gossip article there was a picture of Max and Daniel in pharmacy could this have something to do with this photo?

George: Is Charles sick?

Daniel: I think yes because Max was bying medicine for Charles

Sebastian: Max please answere us

2 hours later

Max: I'm sorry for not answering it has been a bit hectic but yes Charles is sick

Carlos: What hapenned to him?

Yuki: Yes and where is Charles now he hasn't even seen the messages

Max: Well Charles is sleeping since it's midnight... and we are at hospital

Sebastian: WHAT

Max: So basically when he woke up this morning he was feeling sick and he had like 39 body temperature, then later he also collapsed when he stood up and then even later started trowing up so I decided to bring him to the hospital and on the way to the elevator he collapsed again and I had to carry him to the car and thats how they got the photo i guess

Pierre: Is Charles okay?

Max: Yes he will be fine in couple of days but Checo could you maybe ask redbull's pr team to delete all those photos I don't think Charles will appreciate them when he wakes up

Checo: Yep I will

Sebastian: Oh poor Charles, but Max you should probably try to sleep a little bit so you can take care of Charles tomorrow and ask for help if you need someone will come if necessary

Max: I will good night!!

I sighed when I closed the phone, how could someone take a photo like that and put it on the internet. People were so cruel at times. Maybe I should try to sleep a little. I had to talk with Charles tomorrow about what is stressing him out so much that he had to end up in hospital for me to find that out.

"Good night Charlie, see you in the morning" I whispered and layed my head into his chest. I felt warmth spread over me as I felt Charles slowly breathing. I relaxed listening to his breathing and fell asleep almos immediately despite the coffee I had been drinking like an hour ago.

-------------------------------

Hello! a little bit shorter chapter today but I try to get another one already tomorrow for you

btw did anyone notice a little song line in this chapter?

If you didn't it's the last thing Max whispered to Charles before going to sleep. It's from Beautiful boy by John Lennon and I personally love that song and the lyrics fitted so well there! (you should listen that song ;))