20. The Singapore sling
=======================

Charles pov:

It was now friday wich was also Max's birthday and I woke him up by giving him ton of kisses and we had a great morning workout together. We had agreed to celebrate his birthday properly between Japan and Cota, because this weekend the race was late in the evening so it made things a little bit harder. We were also leaving to Japan already monday so we couldn't celebrate then, and Max had a ton of extra work in Japan because of the honda partners. But back to reality, I wanted to give Max his pressent after the breakfast and before that we took a long shower together.

"So how do you feel about being 25?" I asked.

"Pretty good, but nothing different so far" He shrugged while changing clothes. "but can we go eat now I'm starving and I feel like eating some croissants" He said and I just laughed and grabed his hand leading him towards the elevator. Since we were living in european time it was already almost two pm so there were only people working in f1 and not the usual tourists eating. We grabbed our foods and sat down with Pierre, Carlos, Checo, Mick, Alex and Esteban who were talking about the next season.

"So Esteban do you know who will drive with you next year?" I heard Checo asking and I took a quick glance at pierre. He had told me last night about his contract with Alpine.

"Well yes but I obviously can't tell you about that" He said looking a little uncomfortable but luckily Pierre saved him.

"Happy Birthday mate!" he said to Max who had sat next to him and he patted his back.

"Thanks" Max smiled and took a sip of his coffee. Everyone else wished him a happy birthday also and then the gazes shifted to me as I didn't say anything. I didn't notice it right away until I felt the eyes looking at me.

"What?" I asked confused.

"Aren't you going to wish Max a happy Birthday?" Alex asked.

"Well If you forgot it already we are dating so do you actually think that he hasn't done that already" Max said and we sarted to laugh. Soon everybody else joined.

"So what did Charles give you?" Carlos asked.

"Nothing yet, he said he would give it after breakfast" Max said.

"Oh I wan't to know what it is!" Mick said and everyone else agreed.

"Well too bad for you then" I laughed. We ate and talked almost an hour before everyone decided to leave so we could get ready for the practice day.

Max pov:

Me and Charles left to go back to our room and I was exited about his birthday gift for me. I didn't really know what I was expecting since I didn't have anything I needed. When we got to our room Charles went straight to his luggage and picked up a gift bag I hadn't noticed there.

"I hope you like this, it was really hard to get you anything" Charles smiled and gave me the bag. I thanked him and openned it right away. I picked up two tickets to a coldplay consert. I knew Charles loved Coldplay and I also liked their songs. I think this was something Charles wanted us to do together so that made the gift hundred times better.

"I thought that something we would get to do together would be a good present" Charles said looking nervous.

"I love this" I said giving Charles a hug and a kiss.

"The consert is between Mexico and Brasil so we get to have a tiny holiday there and I promise that after the concert when we get back to the hotel you are free to do anything with me that you want" Charles said and winked. My mouth openned, I was too stunned to speak.

"This must be the best present I have ever gotten" I mumbled and a smug smile crept up on my face. "I can't wait for this" I said excitedly.

"There is something else also in the bag" Charles said smiling. I looked inside and noticed a pair of socks with little pictures of Charles face all over them. There was also a red Ferrari shirt with the number 16 on the back of it.

"Oh my god I will wear these socks in the paddock, these are amazing" I laughed. "Thank you Charlie I can't think of a better gift than this" I wrapped my arms around him and gave him a ton of kisses around his face. I was so thankfull about everything I had right now, because I had everything I wanted.

"How much time do we have before we have to go to the track?" Charles asked. I checked my watch.

"almost an hour" I said and saw Charles smirking and I knew what he was thinking about.

"Are you sure You will be able to drive after that?" I asked.

"Well it's worth it" he said and forced me to go backwards towards the bed untill I fell there. I have to say that it definitely was worth the tiny pain that was in my ass while driving the practices.

I was in top four in each practise and that made me feel confident. I also decided to wear the socks with Charles face on it on saturday and I got ton of questions about them. I just said that it was lost bet and a gift that I got from Charles, so people wouldn't get too suspicious about them. Even tho I don't really know how people can make all kinds of theorys from such a small things like socks.

Before the qualifying I sneaked into Ferraris hospitality so I could wish good luck for Charles. I think that Carlos saw me but he didn't luckily say anything. But the qualifying itself was going great until the very last lap.

"Box Box Max" I heard that when I was almost finished with my fast lap that would have definitely given me the pole.

Fuck why what the hell" I cursed to my radio. I was furious. I was starting from eight place wich was maybe my worst qualifying this year.

"We have to have enough fuel otherwise you have to start last" My race engineer told me. I was so angry that when I got out of the car I didn't talk to anyone. I went to do the interviews but I must have looked so angry that nobody asked me more than one question. I went to the teams debrief and didn't pay antention. I just wanted to go back to the hotel and be comforted by Charles.

I had been waiting for Charles almost an hour already. I got mad that he wasn't here already and went to shower by myself. When I came back Charles had came back and was sitting on the bed reding something on his phone. I just walked right past him to my suitcase and picked up some clothes.

"Max I am so sorry about your qualifying" Charles said while closing his phone. He got up from the bed and started walking towards me. However I was mad, not sure why but I just was so I walked past him back towards the bathroom.

"What's wrong?" Charles asked frowning as he followed me.

"Everything is fucking shit I don't want to talk" I yelled. It wasn't my intention to yell but I couldn't control myself.

"Max slow down I haven't done anything" Charles said now also raising his voice.

"Go fuck yourself" I said and closed the bathroom door. However he came to the bathroom right after me.

"Max what the hell is wrong with you? I am trying to comfort you because I knew that you had a shitty qualifying but it's not the end of the world. You won in spa from like p12 now there are only seven cars infront of you so I don't understand what's the problem" Charles said calmly.

"Well I am supposed to be the Champion this weekend and my team is constantly fucking it up" I screamed now louder.

"You don't get to talk about that" Now Charles was also screaming. "You have won almost every race while my team is cinstantly fucking me up having bad strategies and pitstops".

"Well that is not my problem" I was now looking at Charles who had tears in his eyes.

"At least I am always happy if you do well but now that you do decent job you are just yelling at me" Charles now screamed while tears were falling from his eyes.

"Well mister perfect qualifying can just fuck off then" I said and turned away. I could feel his eyes at me.

"You don't mean that Max" Charles whispered. I turned around

"I do, now get out" I screamed. He didn't even hesitate and just slammed the bathroom door shut. After about two minutes I could hear the hotel room door slamming shut.

He was gone.

-------------------------

Btw I don't really like Alpha tauri's car, last year I loved it but now it looks a bit weird. But I love Alfa Romeo's car!