21. Trying to cope
==================

Charles pov:

I slammed the door shut. I had just gotten my most important things and left. Tears were not yet falling but I could feel them coming. How did he think he had the audacity to scream at me when I hadn't done anything wrong. Or had I? What if he didn't really love me or I wasn't enough for him. What if he was just using me. I was thinking about my options. I wans't going to go back there and let him just scream at me. My best option was to get new room since he was at my room and his own room key cards were at mine. When I got to the desk I didn't even think about the fact that it was f1 weekend and all the hotels would probably be full.

"Hey can I have a room for two nights?" I asked while trying to smile.

"I am so sorry but we are fully booked untill monday" The lady behind the desk said smiling.

"Are you sure you don't have any rooms, I can pay more if thats the problem" I said now shoked.

"I am sorry but no rooms available right now" She said. I sighed, thanked her and went to sit down on one of the sofas in the lobby. I had to call someone and my only options were either Carlos or Pierre. I decided to go with Carlos since he and Lando would maybe have one extra room. I felt bad because I had to ask for help, but I didn't really have other opinnions.

"Hey Carlos!" I said trying to sound as normal as possible while the tears were slowly climbing to my eyes.

"Hey Charles, what's up?" He asked.

"Do you and Lando happen to stay only in one hotel room?" I asked.

"Yeah in mine why?" He asked now sounding a bit confused.

"Well could I have keys to the empty room?" I asked.

"Yeah sure just come to my room 326 and I'll give it to you" Carlos said sounding worried.

"Thank you so much" I said and hung up. I left the lobby and went to Carlos's room. I got the keys and refused to answere any questions about why I needed them. Carlos wasn't asking, I think he got why I needed the room but Lando instead was asking questions while Carlos tried to get him to stay quiet. I thanked them both for the keys and the room and left. When I got to the room I broke down completely. I had been trying to keep the tears for not coming but I couldn't do that anymore. I felt so bad but also angry. I knew I had to sleep and be prepared for tomorrow since it would be an important day and I had a chance of winning wich would make it a bit easier to get even the second place in the drivers championchip.

When I finally fell asleep crying I saw a nightmare about how someone chrashed and then died after that I woke up sweaty. I had slept barely for five hours. It was hard trying not to cry anymore.

Max Pov:

When Charles had left the room I was angry. How could he just leave me here all by myself after all that I had done for him. He just left me and took most of his belongings with him. He had the audacity to blame me for my behaviour when it clearly wasn't my fault. Or was it? Did I just kick him out of our, no his hotel room. Would he have a place to stay the night at or had I just done the wrong thing. Was I the bad guy here?

"What the hell did I do?" I cursed. I had just kicked the love of my life out of here. He probably won't ever love or speak to me again. He had just came back from hard day at the track where he had nailed the qualifying and firstly he wanted to make me feel better about my qualifying. He wanted me to feel better instead of me gratulating him on his pole Instead of accepting the help I had screamed at him and kicked him out. He didn't do anything wrong, I did. He had just gotten the pole position and I hadn't even congratulated him. But he had been gone too long after the qualifying and hadn't tried to find me in the paddock so this was all his fault! Or at least that's what I tried to convince myself.

Charles pov:

I had had a decent race even tho I had barely slept and I had cried for hours. I had decided that I didn't want to be the first one to interact with one another since this was all his fault. Pierre and Carlos were at my side. They told me that I had to stay stong and wait for him to appologise. I was really mad at myself for not winning todays race, but I guess that things didn't want to go on my way like ever. Luckily I had Pierre by my side the whole time. I couldn't ask for a better friend than him. I had to explain the situation for Carlos also so he could act properly around me.

On monday I flew with Carlos to Japan and we had great time together. He helped me to laugh again and made me forget Max. When I openned my suitcase in a hotel in Suzuka I saw the new sweater that Max had bought me and I started to ugly cry. I missed him so much, his warmth, smile and kisses. It wasn't easy especially because it was Japan. Jules chrashed here and then months later died. The memories were coming back to my mind and I knew I couldn't deal with them by myself so I decided to call Arthur. I chose face time so I could see him. I missed my little brother but luckily I would be able to see him after Japan.

"Hey Charles what's up?" He asked smiling. I saw that he was laying in bed. He must have just woken up because of the time difference.

"Max and I had a fight and I miss Jules" I blurted out while tears were falling.

"What happened?" He asked while sitting up straight.

"Well after qualifying in Singapore in... in the hotel room when I got there and tri tired talking to him about his bad qualifying he... he just started screaming at me and then kic kicked me out" I cried.

"What a dick!" He said now angry. "I will talk to him".

"NO I wan't him to come and appologise without me asking for it. It was his doing after all" I said.

"Yeah you're right, but you don't deserve to be treated like that" Arthur looked at me thru the phone.

"I know that, but it's just shitty to be alone in here thinking about Jules an how much I miss him" I sighed. I had finally stopped crying.

"Well I think Pierre would be more than happy to be there with you" Arthur said.

"He's still in Tokyo shooting with Alpha tauri since it's Yukis home race" I said sadly.

"Right" Arthur said thinking about other options. "Maybe Carlos would like to keep you company" he suggested and I agreed.

"But you should keep your ears open the whole weekend there might be some new drivers announced" I said and winked. Arthur didn't get the clue but that may be better for now. When we ended the call I decided to just aks if Carlos wanted to do something with me so I didn't have to be lonely. He fortunately agreed and We went to explore the city.

Max pov:

I knew now that I had been the problem and that I was too hard on Charles. After all he hadn't done anything wrong, but my team had. Charles had an amazing qualifying and I didn't even congratulate him I just screamed. I wanted to message him but decided not to. I wanted to give him some space even tho all I wanted was comfort from him. I wanted to see him smile and I wanted to give him kisses. I also wanted his comfort since my gp had been shitty. I had in mind that I would speak to him when I would see him in person at the track so he could run away if he wanted. I had totally forgot what happened in Suzuka almost ten years ago. So I failed to give him the comfort he needed.

---------------------------

I'm back with another chapter that I don't really know if I like it or not, but no one is perfect and my wring skills are definitely not so hopefully you enjoy this.

I have to share my oppinnions about the new cars! I love Ferraris Drs wing it looks so cool. Also the Black mercedes is looking fast but still manifesting Charles wdc!! Mclaren and Aston nothing new.