22. The Japanese trauma
=======================

Charles pov:

Again the practices were all okay. I was too tired to think about them. But I was nervous for the qualifying. I almost wished that I wouldn't be in the top three since then I would have to probably face Max and that was something I definitely didn't want. He hadn't reachead out to me the whole weekend so every time I saw him in the paddock I just  went hiding from him. When the qualifying began and I ended up second behind Max I almost started to cry since I was just so tired of everything. Luckily Carlos was third so I didn't have to be alone with him, I had Carlos by my side the whole time. The only time I had to be standing next to Max was when we took the photos. After that I left as quickly as possible. When my mediamanager told me I had to go to the press conference where the top three qualifyers were always attending I almost started screaming to her face but luckily got my feelings under control.

In my oppinion the post qualifying conferences were pointless. The questions were always the same and I was tired of them especially now. I was deeply in my thoughts when Max slightly pushed my arm. I watched him confused untill I realised someone had asked me something.

"I am sorry can you repeat the question?" I asked trying to sound as polite as possible while faking a smile.

"Yes, so Charles how do you feel about the fact that about eight years ago you lost your Godfather here in Suzuka?" I watched the people who asked the question shooked look in my face. How could someone even ask me that.

"Well how do you think I feel about that? Do you actually think that I am not missing him every day? I don't even know how you have the audacity to ask me something like that since it should be obvious that I miss my dear godfather every day of my life and will continue to miss him" I said anger dripping from my voice.

"This is like you would ask me how do I feel about the fact that my own father died five years ago. How would you feel If you were in my position and I would be asking you these questions?" I asked almost screaming. I stood up and left the room. I couldn't take it any more so leaving was the best option. From outside I could hear Carlos and Max talking about how disrespectfull everyone was towards me and that they should be ashamed. I ran back to the Ferrari tears in my eyes. This last week had been shitty enough and now everyone was just reminding me of Jules who I missed more than I normaly would.

"Jules why can't you be here I need you" I whispered while curled up in my driver rooms corner. Some time later I heard a knock at my door.

"Max?" I asked almost hoping that he would be here to comfort me.

"No sorry it's Pierre" I heard Pierre speaking. "Can I come in?" He asked and I allowed him to come inside. He quickly walked towards me and took me in his arms.

"Oh Charles they were so shitty towards you I know" He rocked me while I was crying in his arms.

"Why it always has to be this shitty for me, Can't something ever go my way?" I cried.

"You have had a pretty shitty year I agree but everything will be fine" He assured me.

"I miss them so much" I sobbed.

"I miss them too" Pierre whispered.

"I have lost my dad, godfather and one of my best firends and now I don't even know if I have a boyfriend anymore" I didn't want to stop crying since I felt so bad now that I was thinking about all the things that had happened in my life.

"I can't lose you too" I said sniffing while I looked Pierre in thee eyes.

"You won't lose me I promisse you that" He smiled. "But think about the positive part about what happened in the press conference, you don't have to go all the other interviews" Pierre tried to cheer me up and it worked.

"Well at least something good" I joked. Pierre had to leave back to the media pen so I just dried my tears and left to the debrief. The whole time I just hoped that I could leave and I know Carlos felt the same way. It lasted way too long. We were both convinced that because Mattia would be leaving he wanted to make us suffer even more before he wouldn't have the power to do so anymore. When I got back to the hotel it was already so late that I just ate, took a shower and scrolled thru tiktok. I went to sleep and actually slept pretty well, wich was probably because I was exhausted and I hand't slept very well in a week.

Sunday morning, the weather was still looking good but about an hour before the race it started raining. I knew that the race would become very dangerous and hard so I just prayed that the rain would stop or the race would be moved for like an hour later so we could wait for the rain to stop. But no, what could you expect the fia doing in this situation. Absolutely nothing. So there I was sitting in my car waiting for the formation lap to begin. When it started and I was driving behind Max I couldn't see a thing. There was just too much water but the fia still did nothing.

"I can't see anything there is too much water" I complained to my engineer.

"Okay copy" He said. I was waiting in the starting grid "Ten seconds for lights out" I got the warning. I was so scared that something would happen. When the lights went out I got an amazing start and for few seconds I was ahead of Max but then he got in front of me and I cursed.

"safety car Charles" I heard almost immediately.

"What happened?" I asked, scared of what could have happened.

"Carlos and Albon out, both okay" He answered.

"Okay copy" I said. We had just driven two laps when I heard my engineer speaking to me again.

"Red flag, red flag. Come back to the pits" He said. I followed Max back to the pits and got out of the car since we wouldn't probably go back to racing in a while. When I walked back to the garage I saw a video of Pierre driving and him almost hitting a tractor. My eyes widend and I started to shake. I collapsed to the floor and Andrea was quickly besides me.

"Charles everything is okay" He tried to calm me but I couldn't move or speak. Tears were streaming down my face. Andrea lifted me up from the ground and took me to my room while shouting something in Italy. I couldn't consentrate to what he said since I was too scared and panicked.

"Charles Pierre is fine, he didn't hit the tractor" He spoke to me while holding me tight.

"yesterday he... he said to me that he wouldn't le-leave me and now he almost did" I managed to say out loud before tarting to cry even more. I think Andrea has never seen me like this. He just held me close but it didn't help.

Max's pov:

"Red flag red flag Max" I heard gp say so I came back to the pits and got out of the car. I was talking with gp when I saw Checo coming to my way with his phone in hand clearly wanting to show me something.

"You never guess what happened with Pierre" He said and showed me a video from twitter where he almost hit a tractor on the track.

"Fuck" I said my eyes wide. Gp was also looking at the video dumbfounded. at the same time some guy from Ferrari came running to us.

"Hey wrong garage" Brad said. He had now also joined us.

"Max this is important" He said and I recognised that he was Charles's race engineer.

"What?" I asked while he guided me towards Ferrari's garage. I could sense everyone from redbull looking at me.

"Charles has panic attack" he finally said and I stopped until I realised that I had to hurry.

"Where is he?" I asked while we jogged to the garage. Now all the Ferrari people were looking at me with nasty looks.

"In his room" He said and I rushed in. I saw the most heartbreaking sight in front of me. Charles was crying while Andrea tried to assure him that everything was fine. When Andrea noticed me he waved me to come closer so I kneeled infront of them. Andrea clearly didn't know what had happened between me and Charles but maybe it was a good thing. Charles hadn't seen me yet so I decided to wrap my arms around him. Andrea took his hand off and I put mine there instead. Charles looked up and started crying even more while wrapping his arms around my neck.

"Don't ever leave me againg" He sobbed.

"I won't" I said while giving him kisses on top of his head. After a while of him just crying there in silence he spoke to me.

"I hate when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. I hate when you're not around and the fact that you didn't call me. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you, not even close. Not even a little bit. I don't hate you at all" he said and burried his face to my neck

"Charles I am so sorry for what I did and I know that I was wrong and I had no right to direct my anger towards you. I love you" I said while stroking his hair. Charles didn't answere, he just continued crying, but now it was much less tears. Andrea and Xavier left when Charles fell asleep in my arms. Andrea promissed to come get us if the race would resume.

Charles had slept already half an hour when the door oppened and Pierre came to the room. He looked surprised when he saw me and I wasn't surprised, he was Charles's best friend after all so he probably knew everything.

"I am so sorry for what I caused because of my anger" I appologised.

"Yeah it was shitty but Charles really missed you and he was afraid that you don't actually love him" He said while coming to sit next to me on the ground.

"I promise to make this all up to him. And I would never not love him" I smiled and Pierre nodded.

"The race will start in half an hour so we need to wake him up" Pierre said and started stroking Charles face. When Charles openned his eyes and saw Pierre he quickly let go of me and launched himself towards Pierre.

"Petite chienne ! Tu ne peux plus jamais me faire ça, tu comprends? J'étais si inquiet et je ne te pardonnerai pas si tu meurs avant moi!"(You little bitch! You can't do this to me ever again do you understand? I was so worried and I wont forgive you if you die before me) Charles said sounding serious and hugging Pierre tightly.

"Je promets d'être plus prudent et de ne pas mourir avant toi"(I promise to be more careful and not die before you) Pierre said smiling.

"But Charles the race will continue in half an hour so we all need to get ready" Pierre said and Charles nodded. Before I could leave Charles kissed me.

"We will talk tonight on the flight back and then you can make this all up to me. Drive safely" He said and gave me another kiss before I left to redbull.

"I love you, be safe" I whispered to him.

-------------

Well I hope that this cured your depressions that came from this book :)

I finally wrote a long Chapter in one sitting and I'm on a vacation now so you getmaybemore chapters;)

Thank you for reading, commenting and voting<3