23. Champion
============

He had done it. Max had won the Championchip even tho everyone knew that it would come, it was still a huge achievement.

Max pov:

When I crossed the finish line first I was relieved and happy to have been able to win this race but I wasn't yet the Champion since we wouldn't get full points from this race and Charles was second. However when I got out of the car and Celebrated the win I saw Checo in second and Charles in third.'It's just a mistake and no full points today still'I thought. We were all interviewed and I heard that Charles got five second penalty so Checo was second. When it was my turn to be interviewed first I got the normal questions but then.

"Well Max you are now the wordlchampion how does it feel?" The presenter asked.

"Am I?" I asked confused. and he just nodded.

"Oh well it feels good and I am so thankfull the team has been amazing. At first there were some problems but we managed to overcome them and now we are her. A big thank you also to my family and loved ones who made this possible" I smiled. I saw Charles winking at me. He was literally the reason why I won this year (ferrari's shitty year and all that). After the interview I went to Celebrate with the team before going to the cooldown room. While I was walking there I still was thinking that I wasn't the Champion.

"So are you a champion?" Checo asked me.

"I think I'm not but I am not sure" I said.

"You are a Champion" Jenson button said when he walked to the room and gave me a hug.

"Are you sure?" I asked still a bit hesitant.

"I am" He chuckled.

"Well congrats then Champ" Charles said while hugging me.

"I am still not convinced but okay" I laughed. After we watched some race highlights and spoke about the championchip we made our way towards the podium. I was so happy that It apparently was now sealed that I was the Champion. The Champagne tasted extra good and Charles's eyes sparkled with happines. I knew he was disappointed because of his own season but he looked happy for me. I wanted this moment to last forever, but then Charles and Checo started soaking me up with the Champagne so it didn't felt so nice anymore. But nothing could bring me down after this.

Me and Charles were flying back to monaco this evening so after the interviews I went back to the garage for only a short time before saying goodbyes. Me and Charles had agreed to meet at the hotel lobby in two hours so I went to shower eat and pack my bags. I was happy but nervous as I had been the one causing Charles problems and sleeples nights, but I knew I would make it all up for him. Just before I was going to leave the room there was a knock at the door.

"Hey what are you doing here?" I asked.

"Well I wanted to kiss and hug you properly before we can't anymore" Charles smiled as he came inside. "I am just so proud of you, Je t'aime" He said while wrapping his arms around me.

"I love you too" I said while giving him a kiss. The kiss started deepening and Charles's hands were mooving under my hoodie.

"We have to leave Charlie" I broke the kiss.

"I would have wanted to see you down on your knees first, but yeah I want to go home too" He said. I blushed but recovered quickly and we left to the airport. While I was driving and Charles sitting in the passenger seat, Coldplay was playing on the radio. I started singing quietly and Charles turned to look at me.

"Have you been practicing the lyrics?" He asked grinning. Oh how I had missed that face and his voice. Luckily I had realised that I was the cause of our fight and Now I could make it up to him.

"Well I have to know the lyrics before the concert" I smiled.

"True" Charles smiled back and turned so he was now looking at the road while singing quietly with me along the music.

When we got to the airport it was already late in the evening and the flight would be overnight flight. I noticed how tired Charles was. Luckily we both had buissnes seats so we got to skip all the lines and after security and Bag drop we made our way to one of the launges. We got some food and went to wait for the boarding to start in a quiet area where there was almost no one except us.

"So Max why did you get so mad at me for literally doing nothing and then you just kicked me out of my hotel room?" Charles asked calmly and I sighed. I knew we had to speak now.

"I'm not completely sure but I guess the fact that my team fucked up in the qualifying and You managed to do a wonderful job got into me. Maybe I was so focussed on the fact that I could win the championchip already so that got me really angry. And I know I had no right to put my anger towards you. In fact I wanted you to come back and hold me close and tell me that it would all be okay and then you didn't come back untill very late that night and I had already gotten mad" I answered and when I stopped speaking I could now see why I got so mad. It was literally for nothing but I guess thats what happens when you are alone with your thoughts.

"I am sorry that it took me so long to come back from the track but I think Mattia is trying to hold me and Carlos hostage at the track as long as possible since he is leaving so he wants to torture us with way too long meetings" He chuckled wich made me smile, since I could see that he wasn't actually mad at me anymore.

"And I don't blame you for it, I know that this fight was my fault and I should have tried to speak with you sooner. I knew that It would be a hard weekend for you and still I didn't contact you. I wasn't there for you when you were thinking about Jules and I think I can't ever make that up for you but I will try because I can't be without you" I said tears in my eyes.

"Oh Maxy don't cry! You just won the wdc and there you are crying because you were a dick to me once. I get that sometimes you are angry and you take it out on someone else and I don't blame you for it. There will be a day when I do that for you and then all I want is for you to not give up on me. Yes you were not there when I cried because of Jules, but Pierre was and that's what friends are for. I don't want to be without you ever again so can we just agree not to talk about this anymore. I just want to be able to sleep next to you and wake up next to you. You are the best thing that has happened to me ever so I want to keep you close" Charles said while holding my hand.

"I want to kiss you so badly right now" I mumbled while watching Charles in front of me.

"Then kiss, there is nobody here" He said with a smug smile. I didn't hesitate before bringing our lips together.

"Hey there!" We broke apart so fast that Charles almost knocked his drink to the floor.

"Don't worry it's just me" Christian smiled. "I am just happy to see you together again" He said smiling before he walked away.

"Oh god I almost had a heart attack" Charles said holding his hand on top of his chest.

"Yeah me too. Do you think Christian is stalking us or he is just our biggest fan?" I laughed.

"He is definitely our biggest fan" Charles laughed.

"But can we promise that we keep racing on track and don't argue about racing things related to us outside of the track?" I asked.

"Yeah that could be a good promise" Charles smiled before raising his pinky. "Pinky promise?" He asked.

"Pinky promise" I chuckled before wrapping my pinky with his.

"But can we argue about others driving?" Charles asked.

"Yeah obviously. I would not be able to live if I couldn't blame about Russel George and others to you" I smiled and Charles laughed. After that we chatted and ate our foods before heading towards the gate.

"Wich seat do you have?" Charles asked me.

"4b" I said while looking at my ticket.

"I have 4c so we get to sit next to each other" Charles said smiling.

"Finally some good luck" I chuckled. We boarded the plane got some champagne and toasted for my Worldchampionchip and to Charles being a future Champion. After the plane took of we watched a movie while eating and then we went to sleep. Charles fell asleep immediately. I decided to hold his hand under the covers. After some time I fell asleep happily holding his hand.

----------------------------

It's TESTING WEEK!!! Finally I have been absolutely depressed because there has been no f1 but it's almost race time again!

I am a little bit sad that I am not going to watch any race in person but I hope thatYouare going and get the chance to enjoy f1 live! Last year I was at the singapore gp and it was amazing<3

Btw so sad that Lance will not be at the testing this year. I wish him a speedy recovery! (even tho he is not my favourite driver I don't wish anything bad for him)