24. Charles the loud one
========================

Slight smut warning!

-----------------

Charles pov:

When we landed back to Nice my friend Joris came to pick us up. I hadn't told him about my relationship with Max or that I was gay. And to be honest I had asked him to pick me up because me and Max had been fighting still when I had to arrange someone to pick me up. Did I trust Joris enough to tell him about my current situation? Did I want him to know? I don't know. I knew that eventually I had to tell my friends about this since the whole f1 grid knew about this already but it wasn't our plan to tell them already so it was an accident.

"Who will pick us up?" Max asked interrupting my thoughts. We were standing at the baggage claim waiting for our bags. It was important to get them since Arthurs Birthday present was there and his birthday is tomorrow.

"Joris will" I sighed. I was worried about his reaction. We could always pretend to just be friends but I didn't want to lie to anyone. Still we had been together for only a small amount of time we didn't have to rush.

"I guess he doesn't know about us. Do you want to tell him?" Max asked.

"I don't know do you want to tell him?" I asked. I didn't know what to do so I tried to get Max to do the decicion.

"Well I don't mind if he knows. It's nothing that we have to hide since it's our life that isn't anybodys to judge. But we have to tell my sister this week since she is coming to visit me and I feel guilty about the fact that she doesn't know" Max said, he had been thinking a lot about his sister, who Max loved but she didn't know about Charles and Victoria was important person in Max's life and Max wanted to have someone he could gossip about Charles and his love life. Sure he had many friends, but these kind of talks he always did with his sister.

"Oh I completely forgot that Victoria doesn't know, I am so sorry! I have been so selfish because all of my family knows about us but only your mother knows" I felt now really guilty. How could I have forgotten that!

"It's okay we haven't even been together that long maybe a month" Max assured me. He knew that this whole gay thing was hard for me, after all I had had a girlfriend only about three months ago.

"It's been only a month!" My mouth fell open "It feels like we have been together forever already" I said shocked. Maybe I was so shocked since I loved Max more than I had ever loved anyone.

"I know, but maybe it's because we have known each other so long that it feels like we have been together for a lifetime" Max laughed. "But let's tell Joris, isn't he a good friend of yours?" Max asked.

"Yeah he is one of my best friends" I smiled. WE didn't have to hide our identitys from our firends, they would be supportive. Or if they wouldn't be Max would punch them in the face.

"Well then he deserves to know, but could we maybe tell some of my friends also?" Max asked while making puppy eyes.

"Ofcourse we can, but we need to be carefull that the media won't find out untill we are ready to share" I smiled. I wanted to give Max a kiss but we were in pupblic and there were a lot of people around us. When our bags finally came we made our way to the pick up area where I saw Joris almost immediately.

"Salut Charles tu m'as manqué"(Hi Charles I missed you) Joris said while giving me a tight hug.

"Tu m'as manqué aussi! Max va venir avec nous, c'est bon?"(Max will come with us, is that okay?) I asked.

"Yeah sure! Hi Max and congrats worldchamp" Joris said while shaking Max's hand.

"Thanks" Max smiled. We started walking towards the car that Joris was now driving.

"Nice car you have how did you get this?" Max asked while sitting in the backseat of actually my Alfa Romeo. Max Knew that Joris made content for Charles, but living in monaco wasn't cheap and These kind of cars costed a lot of money and don't even let him think about parking places.

"Well this is Charles' car and he is lovely enough to let me drive this while he is racing" Joris laughed.

"Really? I didn't know that you had two cars" Max said sounding surprised.

"Yeah well we have never really talked about our cars" I laughed.

"So are you like good friends now or am I missing something? I thought that you guys would be like enemys since the Inchident" Joris asked and I knew that now was the time to tell him about us. "Oh and where do I drop you Max?" He added.

"You can drive both of us to my house" I said. "Joris I need to tell you something" I said while fidgetting with my bracelets around my wrist.

"Well tell me then" Joris said looking curious.

"I-I am gay" I said trying to sound as fearless as possible but failing miserably.

"Oh" He said now turning to look at me.

"And me and Charles are together" Max decided to step in since he saw how paniced Charles looked.

"Oh I am so happy for you both, Charlotte was awful" Joris said now smiling brightly.

"Oh thank god I was so worried" I said while realising a breath I was holding.

"And I am so happy you told me" Joris was now smiling like crazy."It makes me feel good since I know that you can trust me with these things in your life" He said while patting me on the back "Do you live together?"

"No we have been together for a month" Max laughed.

"But we live in the same building" I added.

"I can't stop smiling this is so great! So tell me Max is Charles loud in the bedroom?" Joris asked without any shame in his voice. He also tried to do my famous wink but failing.

"You can't ask that!" I said laughing, but Max quickly interrupted me.

"He is really loud. In fact some of the drivers found out that way because yuki was in a room next to me in Monza I think and then he told some of the others" He said while smirking and Joris just laughed.

"You are the one to talk!" I said fakely offended. Max and Joris just laughed more.

"I like you Max already more than I have liked any of Charles previous partners, But make sure not to hurt him or I will cut your balls off" Joris said now bit more seriously.

"I will make sure to treat him right. He is after all the real prince of Monaco, or at least Lord Percival" Max said and winked.

"Omg I will never ever be in a same room with you too" I said now blushing heavily.

When we got to my appartment Joris said that he will return the car and the keys tomorrow before going to the gym in the morning, wich I happily agreed. It's not like we would need that Car today since I had my ferrari and Max also had his cars. It was already an afternoon since there was quite a big time difference between Monaco and Japan. Luckily we were both tired so we decided not to do any trainig today.

We were in my appartment and I had just started the washing machine for our clothes when Max sneaked behind me and whispered into my ear:

"Do you want to show me how loud you can be in the bedroom" while kissing down my neck.

"I don't know about that anymore since you told Joris about our sex life in the car" I smirked. I totally wanted to show him how loud I could be but I decided to make him beg for it.

"Yeah I know but that was only because he asked" Max smiled and turned me so I was now facing him. "Don't you want to see me on my knees" He smirked and I bit my lips.

"To be honest I want you inside of me but that could also work" I said now also smirking.

"Oh Lord Percival wants me inside of him" Max teased me.

"Nope not anymore, you ruined it!" I said and walked away. I could hear Max running so he could caught me.

"Please Charles, I haven't felt you properly in almost two weeks" Max begged.

"And whose fault is it?" I asked.

"Mine" Max whispered quietly. I saw that he was now sad so I decided not to tease him anymore. I didn't want to fight with him about this anymore. I just wanted it to be in the past so we could focuse on the future. I walked to him so I was now standing in front of him, looking slightly up. he was just few centimeters taller than me wich I liked very much about him.

"Well now is your chance to make it all up" I smirked before starting to walk towards the bedroom Max closely following. If I am completely honest I wanted him so much right now that it was almost impossible for me to not just launch myself into his arms and rip his shirt off. I missed seeing his trained chest and muscular back, wich was probably my second favourite body part of his;)

When I heard the bedroom door closing I quickly turned around and crashed Max's lips on to mine. We moved quickly towards the bed not letting go until I took Max's shirt of and he did the same for me. It didn't take long untill all the clothes were laying on the floor and I was laying on the bed Max on top of me. He was really showing me how sorry he was. Max openned my liges so they were now wide apart and he had a good acces everywhere. Max started opening me so that it wouldn't hurt that much, but at the same time he gave me kisses and whispered some none sense into my ear. I didn't consentrate since pleasure he was now giving me was more than I could have ever imagined.

When he slipped inside of me I couldn't help but moan so loudly that it surprised both of us. "Does this feel good?" Max smirked knowing damn well that it felt so good that I wasn't able to speak properly, so I just nodded. He started thrusting with a slow pace. Oh how I had missed his feeling inside of me. I missed seeing him like this, cheeks red and lips slightly swollen.

Max started increasing the pace and I gripped my hands in his back leaving probably big red marks there. I bit my lip since I felt so good right now. I couldn't hold back the loud moans. Max was now also moaning slightly.

"Oh maxy you feel so good" I moaned and with that I knew I couldn't hold it back anymore. "Max I'm gonna.." I couldn't finish the sentence and just moaned Max's name. I felt Max also finishing before he collapsed down. He was now laying on top of me.

"Omg Max I didn't remember how good that felt" I said still trying to caught my breath. Max didn't say anything for a while he just kept giving me kisses.

"I probably can't ever live without hearing you moaning my name" He said with a teasing smile.

"Well you have to wait till tomorrow to hear it again" I grinned.

"Why wait for tomorrow? We can have round two in the shower" Max smirked.

"I like the way you think Champ" I smiled gave him a kiss got up and started walking slowly towards the sower legs shaking a bit.

"I'd like to see you from back view more often" Max said getting up from the bed.

"Likewise" I smirked and turned the shower on ready for round two.

---------------

Yeah I have never written smut wich you obviously can tell but I tried!

Can't wait for the drive to survive season! The fake drama I can wait but I am ready face all my ferrari fan pain from last year again<3