25. Presents and breakfast in bed
=================================

Third person pov/ Max pov/ Charles pov idk anymore

Charles woke up from probably his best sleep in weeks. It was warm and sun was shining. Charles tried to turn but something or someone was keeping him in place. Then Charles remembered that it was Max laying next to him still sleeping peacefully. Smiling Charles decided to let him sleep simce he was probably exhausted, after all Max had just won the wdc and they had came back from Japan. Charles was still pissed because of Ferraris shitty strategys but there was nothing he could do about it anymore, so Charles decided to be happy for Max and go make him some breakfast. he sneaked away from Max's grip and walked to the kitchen only in boxers but since it was warm it was okay. Charles made some pancaces and avocado toasts. When I was ready Max was still sleeping so I wanted to surprise him and bring the breakfast in bed. I walked inside the bedroom I noticed that I had forgotten the coffee and went to go get that. Once I got Back Max was awake and smiling.

"What have I done to deserve this?" Max smiled.

"Well you are my favourite person so can't I treat you like one" I smirked while placing the coffees down on to the nightstand.

"And you are blessing my eyes with those pink boxers, must be my lucky day" Max smirked and gave me a wink. That made me blush, I hadn't noticed that My Boxers were indeed pink.

"Was that an insult or...?" I asked still red as ferrari.

"You look hot so definitely not an insult" Max smirked and patted the bed next to him. I smiled and went to sit next to him. Max gave me a kiss and we started eating the breakfast while enjoying the morning sun in the beautiful Monaco and the lazy morning we finally had.

"So what are the plans for today? And remember that Victoria and her family will come here tomorrow" Max asked me when we were done eating.

"Well we have lunch at my moms at two since it's Arthurs birthday, wich reminds me that we have to call him now. And yes I haven't forgotten that they will be here tomorrow" I said happily.

"Oh I forgot about Arthurs birthday already, I don't have a present for him!" Max said now clearly a bit panicked.

"But I bought him the sneakers so that is present from both of us and if you want to get something you could buy flowers for my mom" I suggested and Max agreed.

"I will call Arthur now so be quiet" I said when the phone started beeping. It didn't take long before Arthur answered.

"Hey Charles what's up?"

"Happy Birthday baby brother" I said excitedly. "I can't believe that you are 22 already! This makes me emotional" I pretended to wipe tear away, but really I had some tears in my eyes.

"Thank you Charles, are you coming to the lunch today?" Arthur asked.

"Well obviously I am, couldn't miss that and I need to give you your present" I said smiling.

"I don't know about you, but I'm feeling twenty-two" Max hummed and I couldn't help but start to laugh.

"Who was singing?" Arthur asked clearly really confused, I hadn't told about me and Max making things up yet so I could see why he was so confused.

"Hey Arthur Happy Birthday" Max said while grabing the phone away from my hands.

"Max! Omg I have missed you so much, Charles was miserable without you thank god you guys made up and congrats world champ. I am still a little bit sour about the fact that Charles didn't win but at least you won and not Hamilton" Arthur said now sounding extremely happy and Max chuckled.

"Well thanks Arthur and what can I say, I can't live without Charles and his time will come next year!" Max said now completely ignoring me while I was trying to get his atention.

"But You both should head to the gym now before it's too late and you will not have time before the lunch. And I hope that You remember our deal" Arthur winked.

"Arthur be quiet!" I hissed him and then finally turned my head so I could see Charles face who was looking at me with tears in his eyes.

"But yeah we will head to the gym now, see you in a bit, bye!" I said and hung up quickly so I could see what was wrong with Charles, who was now crying.

"Oh Charles what is wrong?" I asked and Wrapped my hands around him.

"Why is Arthur already so old, he was just ten" Charles sobbed and I couldn't help myself but laugh a little.

"Charles it's normal life, people grow up and I know that Arthur is really important to you but you need to realize that he is not a little boy anymore" I said while hugging Charles tightly.

"I know that but what if he never makes it to f1, then it's my fault" He cried now even more. I had never realised that this bothered Charles this much.

"But why would it be your fault?" I asked now confused.

"Well I haven't been there for him when he was little since I was always racing and he had to stop racing for few years since we didn't have enough money and then dad died and jules died"

"I didn't know that. I am so sorry" I said now feeling sad for both Charles and Arthur.

"Well luckily Lorenzo has been there for him, but still it makes me feel sad" Charles said while looking directly into my eyes.

"Well if it makes you feel better I can start giving him advice and train him a bit" I said. Charles luckily agreed. I had been worried about him reecently. He had been having panic attacs more than usually so I need to start trying to figure it out, what causes all of these reactions. After Charles had stopped crying we decided to head to the gym.

"So how are we going to do this? Wich of us will go first or what do we do?" Charles asked clearly sounding tired of this.

"How about we go there together, but we just work out seperately" I suggested. I was too tired and it was already so late in the season that I didn't care too much if people saw us together in the gym or in the city. "We don't have to pretend that we are not friends just because in real life we are dating. And do you think that when fans see me walking in town with my mates they are assuming that I am dating them. And I don't want to sound silly but if you didn't know me do I actually look like I am gay?" I said smirking and Charles laughed.

"Well you definitely are the most staight looking guy ever, and people know that I just broke up with Charlotte, so I assume that they wont think that I am gay just because I am hanging out with you" Charles said now also smiling and I wiped the tears away.

"So we just go there together but work out seperately?" I wanted to make sure that we were in a same page. Charles agreed and we drove to the gym with his pista ferrari, and I have to admit that It is probably my favourite car at the moment, even tho Ferrari is our enemy. But hey who doesn't love a good enemys to lovers story? And like Sebastian once said:'everybody is ferrari fan'We got to the gym and started working out seperately as planned. I couldn't help but steal a few glances at Charles since he looked so hot while doing some weights.

Our plan was working until it was time for neck training.

"Max I am sorry to ask but can you help me with the neck exercises?" Charles asked me looking a little embarassed.

"Yeah sure don't worry" I smiled and took the tool he gave me. After I was done helping him I decided to ask him to help me also since there was no point in doing my neck training alone. Charles agreed and after we were done with my neck both of us were done with the gym for today.

"Come on let's go, Last one in the car can decide who tops today" Charles whispered and then started running towards the car. For a moment I stood there still thinking about what he just said to me but then I sarted to run towards the car. Turns out that I knew a faster path to the car park so I won by only two seconds. Charles looked sad but when I told him that he would be the one on top he got significantly happier.

"Can I drive us back?" I asked hopefully but Charles declined immediately. He said that He loves me but he doesn't trust me with his car just yet. I just laughed.

When we got back to this time my place we had forty-five minutes till we had to leave to Arthurs Birthday lunch.

"So, do we have enough time for a quick shower together?" Charles asked while making puppy eyes. I knew what he was thinking but I knew that we would be late if I'd now give in for Charles.

"Charles we will be late" I said while smiling sadly, that made Charles' smile drop and he looked at me with a disapointed look.

"But..." I didn't give him time to say full sentence.

"Butt later, but now we will take quick normal shower together and then be on time for once" I gave Charles a kiss and guided him towards the bathroom.

It took me all my self control for not giving in to Charles, who "by accident" touched my you know what with his hand several times. But I wanted to be on time at Charles' moms place since I wanted them to have a good impression of me. I know that I had already met them a couple of times but I had been acting like a dick to Charles in the past weeks, so I wanted to be extra careful with his family.

"Okay do we have everything now?" I asked Charles when we had dressed up and were ready to go.

"I think so" Charles nodded.

"Do you have the present?" I asked knowing full well that Charles had forgotten that.

"No! Oh my thank god you remembered that" He said and rushed back to his apartment. While Charles was gone I went to the flower shop outside our house and bought a nice bouquet of flowers for Pascale.

When we finally made it to Charles' moms we were ten minutes late and I was nervous about that. Charles walked in front of me and openned the door.

"We're here!" He shouted before taking his shoes off.

"And you are almost on time, wow Max what have you done to Charles?" Lorenzo asked me while hugging both of us.

"He has done nothing, literally" Charles huffed and I started to laugh. I think Lorenzo got what Charles ment and he also started to laugh and patted me on the back.

"Well good job Max, I know that it's hard to say no to this little princes" That statement earned Lorenzo a punch from Charles.

"Well Where is the birthday boy?" Charles asked and then headed towards the livingroom while I made my way to the kitchen.

"Oh hi Max lovely to see you here" Pascale said and came to hug me.

"These are for you" I said and gave the flowers to her.

"Oh Max thank you, it's not my birthday but this is so sweet" She said and went to get a vase from one of the cabinets. "You can go to the livingroom, the food will still take a while" She said and pushed me out of the kitchen just in time for me to see Charles giving Arthur his present. Pascale stayed with me so she could see what Charles had bought. When arthur openned the box he let out a little squeal.

"Omg Charles thank you so much, I love them" He said excitedly and gave Charles a hug and then turned around to give me a wink.

"They are from me and Max both so you need to thank him too!" Charles smiled and Arthur thanked me too.

"Oh Charles you shouldn't spend so much money on our gifts" Pascale said smiling.

"Well I just want to get you all something that you really want and money isn't a problem for me so why not" He laughed.

"And that's why my presents are never Arthurs favourite" Lorenzo laughed.

"Well Charles your bithday is the day after tomorrow so don't wait for something expensive since you might know, I don't have that much money to spend on gifts" Arthur laughed and everyone else joined.

I didn't. I had totally forgotten that Charles' birthday would be in a couple of days and I had no present or anything that he would want on my mind.

I freaked out and went to the bathroom. I had to figure this out quickly, so I did the only thing that came into my mind and texted Daniel. He was known for good gifts and I needed to get something good for Charles.

Messages between Max and daniel:

Max: Daniel this is an emergency!!!

Max: Daniel joseph Ricciardo!

Max: Daniel Charles will kill me

Daniel: Well tell me then

Max: I totally forgot that Charles' birthday is in two days...

Daniel: Oh you're fucked<3

Max: You have to help me out!

Daniel: Well what do I get from this?

Max: I don't know what do you want?

Max: And just that you know I am in Charles' mothers bathroom now so be quick

Daniel: You don't have to be there

Daniel: Give me two hours and I will text you some options and then you will get me a meeting with Christian.

Max: Okay thank you dan<3

I sighed and walked out of the bathroom. I knew that I had to get the gift tomorrow but I didn't know when since Victoria and her family would be here at midday. My only option was probably to go shopping before picking them up from the airport.

"Great Max just in time for the food" Arthur said and we walked to the kitchen. Pascale had made some delicious food and we had great time. After eating we played some board games untill Charles whispered that he wanted my butt now, so we thanked Pascale for the good food and agreed that we would all come here with also my sister and her family on Charles' birthday. When we made it to my appartment clothes were quickly on the floor.

----------------------------

I don't know why but my last two parts have not done very well but that's life! But I love reading your comments they always make my day so thank you!<3

Also a little bit longer part this time. I have so much that I want to write but I just don't have enough time!

Drive to survive season five spoilers under this!!!!

Btw dts season five I didn't expect Günther and Mattia to be friends but I am loving it<3 But in my oppinion there is just way too much Christian Horner and I would have wanted to see the Brazil gp. Sebastian also deserved more time on the screen:( and they showed silvertone, cota and suzuka like ten times but didn't mention the tractor...