27. Moves like jagger because of you
====================================

Charles pov:

I smelled something good. My eyes were fully closed and I didn't want to open them. Happy feeling filled me. It was warm and it was my birthday. I could feel the sunshine touching my foot that was outside of the blanket. The smell was getting stronger and I swore that I could smell croissants and coffee. I didn't have a chance to guess what the smell was because I felt someone kissing my back before wrapping arms around me.

"Happy birthday Charlie" I heard Max whispering. I slowly rolled around so I could see him. A smile instantly grew on my face when I saw the so familiar smile of Max. He was watching me from the above and I have to say that I liked him on top of me.

"Thank you Max!" I said now grinning since I was getting excited.

"Unfortunately the breakfast is now warm so I suggest that we eat first and have fun after" Max chuckled. He clearly got it that I wanted him so badly right now.

"Finee" I sighed and looked at the beautiful breakfast he had made me. "Should we eat outside it looks warm and nice" I suggested and Max agreed. I quickly pulled on some pants before helping Max to carry the food outside.

When I stepped into my balcony I felt warm moning breeze and I could feel that it was at least 25 degrees. It made me even more happy. We settled ourselves and then started eating. The food was amazing and I was just over the moon happy. It felt like all of my problems were gone and I was in this world with only Max with me.

"Thank you Max I love you" I said and hugged him. Max seemed calm and happy while we just sat there together me in his arms. It felt like no one could hurt us. I didn't even remember when I had been this happy. Then I remembered that I had actually arranged a surprise for Max later today and it made me feel even more happy.

After few minutes just being there in silence Max spoke up.

"Are we going to sit here for long or have you already forgot what you wanted earlier". I smirked, obviously I hadn't forgotten what I wanted but I was just so happy in this moment so I wanted to enjoy it for a little longer. Instead of answering I decided to just go for it and chrashed my lips onto Max'. He responded right away with a hungry kisses. Max lifted me up and carried me through the house and to my bedroom. Max trew me on to the bed and it made him look even hotter. He quickly took his shirt off and leaned on top of me. He clearly wanted to be in controll and I didn't mind that at all.

'I don't need try to control you. look into my eyes, and I'll own you with them the moves like Jagger. you wanna know how to make me smile. Take control, own me just for the night and if I share my secret, you're gonna have to keep it. Nobody else can see this'

It was probably the best sex I had ever had. I felt like I was on cloud nine. Suddenly Max left the bed and I looked after him confused but he came back quickly with small and medium sized gifts. My eyes lit up. I loved getting gifts and It was probably my other love language after physical touch.

"You have to open your gifts before we go to my appartment" Max smiled and handed me the larger first. I ripped the paper off quckly and saw a shirt. I lifted it up and started laughing. in the back of the shirt was written'biggest fan of Max Verstappen'. I had given Max a ferrari one where there was my number on the back of it so now we had matching ones.

"Omg I love this! Can we wear our shirts to dinner tonight?" I asked with puppy eyes wich I knew Max couldn't resist.

"Yeah sure" He laughed and then handed me the smaller present. Now I was a little bit more excited since small gifts were usually the best ones. I noticed that It was a cartier box and for a second I felt that all the air escaped my lungs but then I realised that it was too big to be a ring box. It was releaving because I wan't ready to be proposed yet. But when I openned the box I saw two beautiful bracelets. I picked the other one up and examinated it with my eyes.

"I love it thank you Max I love you" I kissed Max.

"The other one is for me so we can match" He said while lifting the other bracelet up. I was too stunned to speak. Max had gotten me a perfect present that I was more than grateful for. I wrapped him into a tight hug and we fell back to the bed.

"I love you so much that you don't even know" I mumbled into his neck.

"And I love you equally as much" Max said keeping me close to his chest. "I think we should take a quick shower before going upstairs" Max said and I agreed. But when we were at the shower toghether it turned out to be a much longer one that we had planned, but could you blame us?

When we finally made it to Max' apartment Luka and Lio came running to the door!

"Gefeliciteerd Charles!" Luka said smiling. Lio couldn't talk properly yet but he clapped his hands together looking excited.

"Thank you" I said smiling. Victoria and Tom were in the livingroom sitting in the sofa.

"Did you sleep okay?" Max asked.

"Yeah you have great bed so comfy" Victoria said smiling and I just laughed.

"But you were supposed to be here almost an hour ago and I think I don't want to know what you were doing" Victoria laughed and our faces were red in matter of seconds. Tom and Victoria just laughed. We had decided to spend the day exploring Monaco and at five we would go to my moms house to eat.

The day was great we had fun time together and I got to push the strollers which I absolutely loved. Not many people recognised us since I knew all the best places to go where no one was going to bother us. I really liked Victoria and Tom not to mention Luka and Lio. They had stolen my heart right away and I wished I could have nephews like this. But that wasn't probably going to happen in any time soon.

Before we left to my moms me and Max changed the fan shirts on and the laughs from Victoria and Tom were not going to stop in a while. We just smiled at each other. The ride to my moms was interesting. we had to go with two cars, Me and Max were driving with Luka and Lio since we knew the streets of monaco better than Victoria and Tom who had a little quality time just the two of them.

I was driving and Max was sitting in the backseat with the boys. I didn't understand anything they were talking but it made me happy to not hear any crying untill twenty minutes into the ride. Lio had started crying apparently because he wanted to see mommy and Luka started crying because Lio was crying. Max looked so confused. He clearly didn't know what to do so he did the first thing that came to mind and started making funny noises wich almost made me drive off the road since I was laughing so hard. It helped and the boys started laughing as well.

When we got to my moms Tom and Victoria were not following us anymore.

"Where are they?" I asked while taking Lio out of his car seat.

"I don't know, maybe they took a longer route to have more time without the boys" Max shrugged. We walked inside with Luka and Lio in our hands. My mom rushed towards us immediately.

"Joyeux anniversaire mon petit bébé"(Happy birthday my little baby)She said and squeezed me tightly.

"Merci mama" I said smiling and placed Lio to the ground so he could go exploaring. Victoria and Tom made it about twenty minutes after us. Now everyone was in the livingroom catching up. It felt so nice to be surrounded by the people that I loved. I had gotten a present from my mom wich was a new sweater she had made it by herself and I loved it. Then from Arthur I got a present that when I openned it I quickly closed it and turned bright red. Everyone wanted to see what it was but I didn't let them see the condoms, candles and pink handcuffs. After everyone gave up on trying to see Arthurs present for me I openned Lorenzo's present wich was a gift card to a spa for two. After that everyone went back talking to each other and I had a chance to show Max what I got and he also turned bright red.

I was checking the clock anxiously untill the doorbell rang and I started smiling. I knew that my surprise for Max would be here. I made my way to the entry and openned the door and greeted the person who came inside with a hug.

"Thank you for coming here, he has missed you so much" I said smiling. I guided the person to the livingroom where everyone else were sitting and chatting. Max hadn't clearly noticed that I was gone for a moment since he was happily speaking with Tom and Lorenzo. But when the guest placed a hand to his shoulder Max turned around and ghasped. Max jumped up from the sofa and made his way quickly to the guest.

Max didn't say anything he just wrapped his arms around her and didn't let go. I could see that there were tears in his eyes.

"Ik heb je zo gemist"(I missed you so much)I heard him whispering.

"Ik heb jou ook gemist"(I missed you too)Sophie said still squeezing Max tightly in his arms.

"How did you know to come here?" Max asked now backing away a bit but not still letting go.

"Someone called me and told that you were missing me and arranged me a visit here" Sophie smiled.

"Who?" Max asked clearly confused.

"Well who do you think" Sophie laughed now clearly amused.

"Omg Charles you did this" Max finally got the hint and turned towards me. I was standing near just smiling about how happy I had just made Max. Now Max came to me and wrapped me in a tight hug.

"I love you so much, Thank you!" Max cried. I wiped the tears from his eyes and gave Max a kiss. I could hear everyone saying 'awww', well almost everyone. Luka and Lio were watching us clearly not understanding what was going on.

"Mama, waarom huilen ze" (mom, why are they crying) Luka asked and Max started to laugh.

"Oom Max is gewoon zo blij en verliefd" (Uncle Max is just so happy and in love) Max laughed.

"Oké" Luka said, turned around and kept playing with Lio.

"This day was supposed to be about you not me" Max laughed and gave me one last kiss.

"Well to see you so happy is the best present that I could get" I smiled now few tears were in my eyes too but I wiped them awayy quickly.

"Okay now is time to eat" Pacale announced and everyone made their way in to the kitchen where Pascale had made a fantastic looking dinner.

We had a great evening, Sophie and my mom got along very well and seemed to have a lot of fun. It was kinda ironic how both of our dads were not there mine for an obvious reason, but Jos not so much. Max had told me that Jos was homophobic so he didn't want to tell him about us yet and I totally respected the choice since I was a little affraid of him.

"So Max what did you give Charles?" Sophie asked sounding courious. I was kinda surprised that she didn't know because Max usually told her everything. Max took my hand and showed my wrist.

"We have matching ones" He said smiling. "And the shirt also" He said and we all laughed.

"So now that we got into the questions do you want to tell us how many times you have sex in a week since you are always late from everything" Arthur asked without any shame.

"No" I said simply and continued eating.

"You're really boring" Arthur said fakely offended and I just laughed.

When it was around ten in the evening we decided to leave back since Luka and Lio were fast asleep and we were all tired. Max's mom would be sleeping in my appartment because Max didn't have any more spare beds. And when we finally made it back home I just told Sophie where everything was and then I collapsed on the bed with my clothes still on.

"Charles you can't sleep with your clothes on" Max laughed at me.

"I'm too tired to change so I think I'm fine" I mumbled half asleep already. Then I felt Max' hands slowly and carefully undressing me but not in a sexy way. When I had only boxers left Max lifted me up and placed me carefully on the bed again and then pulled the covers on top. I instantly snuggled to a comfortable position and just waited for Max to join me. When he did I moved closer to him.

"Je t'aime bébé" I mumbled before falling asleep.

Max pov:

I couldn't sleep I don't really know why, but the one thing I knew was that I could never let Charles go. Today taught me that he was the most important person in my life. Right now he was peacefully sleeping mouth slightly open. He looked so perfect for me. My hand was wrapped around his waist and I couldn't help but start to hum one song that always reminded me of Charles.

"I like your curls, and I like your eyes. I look up at you and just see the sky... My heaven at night, In the black and white, you paint the world. And I ask if colors knew, It's 'cause of you, now love is true Because of you" I was now singing quietly. I didn't notice that Charles had now woke up. I just kept humming until I heard a small voice.

"I like your heart, and I like its size, If two hands are open, would one intertwine? Please, be mine" Charles sang quietly, before drifting off to sleep again. Now I could hear him snooring quietly and I knew that I needed to sleep now. But at that moment it became clear to me that I would marry him one day.

------------------

I love this chapter, so cute:) thank you for 14k reads<3