28. When in America
===================

Max pov:

After a great few days in Monaco with my family and Charles it was time to get back to racing. It would be the last four races of the season and Charles was still fighting for the second place in drivers championchip. I had no pressure anymore since I was already a champ. But I knew that Charles was under so much pressure and the fact that Mercedes was closing the gap in the constructors cahmpionchip didn't help him at all. But In redbull we had a chance to claim also the constructors championchip in the next race so that was my main goal. at the moment we were waiting for boarding to start. It wasn't worth it flying private to Cota since I wouldn't come back home until after Abu dhabi or so Charles thought. We were sitting in the lounge of London airport. It was late at night and we had already flown from Nice to London. Charles was exhausted, he had been stressed about the last races and I couldn't blame him. He had had a rough season and I wanted him to succseed badly.

As I looked at the board and saw text 'go to gate' I stood up from my chair and walked towards Charles who was sleeping with his mouth open.

"Charles we have to go, the boarding is starting. After that you can go back to sleep" I whispered him, while gently shaking him. Charles slowly openned his eyes and groaned.

"I'm too tired to move" He whinned. I chuckled before pulling him up.

"If we wouldn't be in public I could carry you but right now I can't do that" I said smiling sadly.  Charles finally agreed and we left towards our gate. It turned out we didn't have seats next to us and since tired Charles was usually also angry he made a big fuss about wanting to sit next to me. The flightattendant clearly recognised us and agreed moving our seats so We could be next to each other. We were the first ones to board the plane and immediately when we sat down Charles passed out. I knew that he would wake up when we would take off and then we could ask someone to make his seat into a bed. It melted my heart seeing him just sleeping there.

fast forward to saturday:

It was certain that Charles would be getting a grid penalty againg because something needed to be changed in his car. It made me sad because then it would be harder for him to score good points and be infront of Checo, but I also knew that Charles was an amazing driver so I didn't worry too much.

Since we were in Texas almost everybody had wore some sort of cowboy things and when I saw Charles in the paddock with a hat and boots I couldt resist but want him so badly then. I had sent him a message saying that he better take them with him to the hotel. Charles had answered almost immediately with a winky face. And as I had wished, when he came to the room in the evening he was wearing them. It didn't take me long before they were in the ground and Charles was in the bed. But back to reality.

The qualifying was normal until Q3, where I struggled to make the fastest lap and I ended up in p3 unfortunately. I had wanted to take pole so badly today since we had heard the devestating news of Dietrich Mateschitz the founder of redbull passing. It was sad because he had been a big part of my career. But I couldn't do anything else than hope for a win tomorrow. When I pulled my car where the three best ones would go I noticed two Ferraris and I smiled under my helmet since I knew that other one of them would be Charles. I never doubted him in qualifying. It felt so good to have Charles there with me. I hand't had the chance to see him after morning. I felt a little sad at the moment so I knew that his cuddles were needed in the evening at the hotel.

Charles pov:

The qualifying was good. I managed to get second after Carlos, but due to my engine penalty I would start 12th wich was unfortunate since my now main rival Checo would be staring third wich ment that I needed to have an amazing race if I wanted to be in front of him tomorrow.

Max had been more quiet than normal and I wondered what could be the cause of this. I knew that Jos would be here this weekend and I wondered if Max was ready to tell him about us. I knew that if he was I couldn't go against that. My thoughts had to go to the side since it was time for our meeting before I could leave the track. Firstly we discussed about tomorrows strategys and how we wanted to race but then the next thing got me worried.

"So Carlos as you may already know the founder of redbull organisation has died so tomorrow when we are going to hear the national anthem of USA all of the former and current redbull and academy drivers will be there standing at the front so you will also be there" Someone from our team said and Carlos nodded. I felt my heart sinking. This must be the cause of Max feeling under the weather and I had not done anything to help him with this. I knew that when I would eventually get to the hotel he would probably not be there before me and I needed to do something that would make him feel better.

"Charles are you listening?" Mattia asked me.

"Yes I am" I said, I definitely was not listening.

"Good so can you tell me why you havn't been sleeping in your own hotel room?" Mattia asked me. He looked mad. My eyes widened. This was definitely something I didn't expect. I tried to calm down. In this room the only person that knew about me and Max was Carlos and I didn't want to tell everyone about us without Max having the heads up first.

"How do you know that?" I asked calmly.

"I was outside your door this morning and you were not there" Mattia said.

"I was at the gym" I said trying to lie as naturally as possible.

"Funny, because someone saw you exiting the room of Max Verstappen in the morning together with him" Mattia said now smiling. I knew that I was in trouble, but I still lied.

"I was just chatting with him there" I said smiling innocently.

"And what is that red mark in your neck? Were you chatting about how someone has clearly given you a hickey" Mattia said now not smiling anymore. I din't know what to say anymore and Carlos noticed that.

"How is this at all your buissnes?" Carlos asked raising his eyebrows. "You are leaving after this season anyways so what do you want from us?" he continued.

"If you are sleeping with the enemy I need to know. What would happen if the media found out that you Charles are sleeping around with the enemy and maybe this is why we are not winning right now" Mattia said coldly. I couldn't stand this anymoree.

"Enough" I shouted and stood up while slamming my fists into the table I noticed how few of the engineers flinced. "You have no right to speak like this to me or to Carlos. I will not sit here listening while you are blaming us for your mistakes. So if you want to have a driver here tomorrow you all" I looked around the table" will now shut your mouth about this" I said tightly and after a few seconds of silence I left the room and slammed the door behind me. I was furious. How could Mattia do this to me. I wanted to cry but I knew that at this moment Max was more important so I gathered myself and walked towards my car so I would have time to stop in a grocery store before going back to the hotel.

Back in the meetingroom:

Carlos sat there with angry look on his face. He didn't expect Mattia to be such a homophobic and Now he knew that he couldn't tell about his relationship with Lando to the team until the team principal had changed.

"He is unbelievable! What would Christian say if I told him?" Mattia asked in general.

"You should tell him" Carlos said smiling. He knew that Christian knew already and was more than fine with it so if Mattia would tell him and be mad about it Christian would give him a few angry words.

"You're right Carlos I should" Mattia said now smiling. "Good thing that at least one driver here is capable of thinking in the right way" He said smiling. Mattia decided that he would talk about this tomorrow with Christian. Carlos however knew that he had to protect Charles.

"But I think that it would be better that this would stay in this room. It's best for the team and I think we don't want to lose Charles as a driver" Carlos said seriously. Luckily everyone agreed and Carlos could tell Charles that his seacret was safe.

Max pov:

It had been a long day and I was tired. I just wanted to get to the hotel and be in Charles' arms. The meeting tonight had been long and tiring. While I was driving towards our hotel I heard some coldplay in the radio. The scientist. It was a sad song and I started crying slightly. Luckily I was just around the corner from the hotel. The ride in the elevator felt like it took hours. There was three other people there with me and luckily I had stopped crying. I openned the hotelroom door and saw how Charles immediately jumped up from the bed and rushed towards me. He had a worried look on his face and just because the look on his face I started crying again.

"It's okay Max you can cry as long as you need" Charles said while holding me in his arms just how I had wanted.

"I am just so tired" I cried. I knew that I sounded like a child but I couldn't do anything to it. Charles just rubbed my back. After a while just standing there Charles asked if I wanted to take a bath and I agreed. I knew that I wasn't in a mood for sex and I guess Charles knew that also, because when we were in the bathtub Charles didn't try anything and just held me close untill I fell asleep. I didn't know how long we had been in the bathtub but suddenly I woke up because I felt something trying to move.

"I'm so sorry but we have been here almost an hour and my leg is cramping" Charles said face red and looking sorry.

"It's okay" I laughed and slowly stood up and moved under the shower. When we were laying in bed watching a movie Charles suddenly stood up and went to the mini fridge that was in our room.

"I bought some chips and ice cream, do you want some?" He asked smiling.

"Yeah that's perfect thank you" I said smiling. Charles knew just what I wanted when I was sad. This is again a reason why I love him. He knows me.

It was now the morning of a race day in the paddock and Mattia had noticed Christian walking a little bit in front of him so he took a few faster steps.

"Christian! Do you have a moment to speak with me?" Mattia asked when he had caught up with the redbull boss.

"yeah I have a few minutes come with me" Christian said and led Mattia into his office in the redbull facilitys. Mattia was looking around couriously, Christian noticed that.

"You won't find anyhting usefull in here if you are looking for something like that" He said smiling. They sat down in Christians office.

"So what did you want to talk about with me?" Christian saked while he was leaning backwards in his chair.

"Did you know that Charles and Max have a relationship?" Mattia asked going straight to the point. Christian raised his eyebrows. He thought that Mattia would know that he knew but maybe there was something else going on there. Christian decided that he wanted to find out what and decided to lie

"No I in fact didn't know that" He said pretending to be slightly shoked. "What do you think about that?" He asked.

"I think that we have to seperate them, they can share teams seacret information to each other and being gay doesn't belong in this sport" Mattia said calmly. Now Christian knew why Mattia didn't know about this earlier, it was because Charles sensed that he would be homophobic.

"Well I think that it's none of our buissnes if our drivers want to have a relationship" Chrisian said smiling and trying to hide the disgust he now had because of how old fashioned Mattia was.

"Don't you think it's wrong If our drivers start making out in podium or they will be spotted in dates or you caught them in Max's drivers room?" Mattia asked now confused.

"No, I think that It's their own choice and we can't do anything about it" Christian said.

"Omg, you clearly already have our seacrets because you are not going against this. Yesterday I spoke with Cahrles in a meeting and he looked so guilty. He had told about our plans for next season to you" Mattia said now angrily and stood up.

"I would never try to get that kind of information for our team since you have a bad car compairing to us" a new voice said behind Mattia who turned around. Max stood there looking angry.

"How dare you to scare Charles since you're homophobic, do you have any idea how hard this already is for him and you are just trying to brake us up" Max said now almost shouting. "now get your fat ass out of here" He said and pointed the door. Mattia gladly took the exit but mumbling some insults in italy.

I turned to see Christians face. He was smiling.

"Good now I didn't have to get him out of here" He said laughing. "But you know that I fully support you and Charles and I think that Mattia can fuck off" Christian said now with a more serious face.

"Yes I know and I'm glad that You support us. But I think I need to go check up on Charles if Mattia really spoke him yesterday since he didn't tell me anything about that" I said and Christian nodded so I could leave. Unfortunately I didn't find Charles before I needed to start getting ready for the race. I just hoped that he would have a good race so we could talk afterwards.

I was starting second so my plan was to try to get past Carlos immediately so I wouldn't waist my time there. When the lights went out I got a good start and was besides Carlos. We got to the first corner I was leading and noticed that Carlos wasnt behind me anymore, it was George instead. few minutes later I heard my engineer telling that George had made contact with Carlos and he had to retire. I felt bad for him. After that the race was good untill my second pitstop. The wheelgun didn't work and I cursed under my helmet. It took the pit crew 13seconds to change my tyres and in that point Charles who had had a great race had overtook me in the pits. We had amazing fight switching places many times, but at the end I managed to get and stay in front. Then I had a great battle with also Lewis but I managed to also beat him. This had been an exciting race for me wich was nice.

I was the first to cross the line when the checkered flag waived. We had now won the constructors championchip and I dedicated this win to Dietrich. When I parked my car I noticed that Charles had managed to get third and I was so proud of him. We hugged trying to be carefull not to hold each other too long. When we were walking towards the cooldown room I pulled Charles back and kissed him quickly. He became red and started looking around to check if anyone had seen us.

"Relax there is no-one here" I said laughing and started walking again. "But we need to talk when we get back to the hotel" I said in a more serious tone. I noticed how Charles looked confused.

"About what? That sounds like you want to brake up with me" He said looking nervous.

"Don't worry it's nothing like that!" I said smiling before I entered the cooldown room. We chatted a bit about the race with Lewis before the podium. Helmut was there with me and after celebrations we had the top three press conference wich was a bit boring as usual. I just wanted to get back to the hotel. It took me almost two hours before I finally made it to the hotel.

"Charles tomorrow when we get to Mexico we have to go eat tacos, I have been craving them the whole weekend" I said when I entered our room. I noticed that Charles was watching something on his phone.

"Charles, what's wrong?" I asked now suddently worried. Charles lifted his head and I saw tears coming from his eyes. I picked up the phone and looked at screen. All the color drained from my face faster than my car could get from zero to hundred.

-----------------------

I am so so sorry for not getting this out for you earlier but I have not been feeling well and I have been really busy with school and my hobbies... Hopefully you like this chapter<3 and thank you for almost 20k already! :) and sorry for the cliffhanger