29. Planning the fight
======================

Charles pov:

I was happy since my race had been good. I still had a chance to get second place in the championchip. When I got back to our hotel room Max wasn't there yet. I sat down on the bed and openned my phone. Immediately I froze when I saw an email that had came from an anonymous person.

'Dear Charles since you are dating Max and putting Ferraris seacrets at risk I have no other options anymore. You have to choose either, I will tell about you to the press or you will brake up with Max. You have three days time to tell me wich you picked. If you picked wrong the I'm not responssible for the consiquenses. This sport doesn't need gay drivers and you have to understand that. You hurt me now I will hurt you. Oh and I have proof.'

I couldn't move. Under the message was a picture of me and Max in Monaco walking and holding hands. What was I supposed to do in this situation. We were not ready to come out yet, but I didn't want to loose Max. He was my everything. At the same time the door to our room openned and Max walked inside.

"Hey Charles we have to get tacos tomorrow when we get to Mexico, I have been craving them for the whole weekend" He said sounding happy. Then he noticed me and walked towards the bed.

"Charles, what's wrong?" He asked sounding scared. I couldn't say anything. I just looked at him in the eyes. Max took my phone and read the message. He slowly lifted his eyes back to mine.

"What are we going to do?" He whispered. I didn't know what we could do. I was so tired to ferrari and how they treated me and Carlos. i was sure that someone from Ferrari was behind this. However I think it's not Mattia since if he told the press about us he would get all the crap from it. Max sat down next to me and wrapped his arms around me.

"We will figure this out together, don't worry" He said while kissing my face. Still I was worried. This could ruin both of our careers and I wasn't even a worldchamp yet. We just sat there quietly, both unsure what we should do next.

"I don't want to lose you" Max said to me braking the silence. The words were just what I wanted to hear, but still I didn't know what to do with them.

"I don't want to lose you either, but what could we do about this. I mean we don't even know who sent the message to me" I said pretty unsure about things.

"I think it was clearly Mattia" Max said immediately. "He has been shitty towards you about our relationship, wich btw whould have been nice to know" Max said looking at me smiling.

"I think it's not Mattia. If he told about us to the press he would get all the crap about it or at least I hope he would, but how do you know about what Mattia said on saturday?" I asked confused. I hadn't told about it to Max since he had other things to be worried about.

"This morning when I was going to speak with Christian I found Mattia in his office and they were speaking about us" Max said. "Why didn't you tell me about that?" He asked sounding hurt.

"Because you were so stressed and sad about Dietrich passing I didn't want you have anything else you should be worried about" I said now a bit hurt also, he was kinda blaming me about this.

"Oh yeah" Max said now embarassed about his behaviour. "But should we ask help with this? I think Seb or Lewis would maybe know what to do with this" Max suggested carefully.

"Yes I don't see why we can't ask them since they already know about us" I shrugged my shoulders. We decided that I would text seb and Max would text Lewis.

"So what do we write to them?" I asked. I obviously had never been in a situation like this so I had no idea how to approach this.

"Hey, so me and Max have a little problem and we need your help. How about you send that first and then when Seb answeres you tell him the rest" Max suggested.

"That sounds weird but I don't have anything better so let's go with it" I sighed, typed the message and sent it. Max sent the same one to Lewis. In the mean time when we waited them to respond we took a shower together.

"Seb has answered!" I shouted when I picked up my phone after the shower.

"What did he say?" Max asked now rushing to my side.

"He said'sure as long as it's not about something sexual ;)'" I said laughing. Max went to check his phone and Lewis had also answered asking if Max had sent the text to the right pearson. After Max assured him that the message was meant for him Lewis agreed to help. We both typed some sort of explanations about our situation. It didn't take long after I had sent the message that my phone started to ring.

"Max seb is calling me" I said panicking.

"What are you waiting for, pick up and put it on speaker!" Max said.

"Hey Seb" I said. My voice was tebling. I didn't know why speaking to Seb made me so nervous. We were in good terms and he always sent me lovely messages after bad races.

"Hey Charles is Max there with you so he can hear me also?" Sebastian said sounding serious, wich wasn't a surprise since the situation wasn't exactly an easy one.

"Yes I'm here and can hear you" Max said. I looked at him. Max was sitting next to me on the bed, He was looking at the phone that I was holding up.

"Good! Firstly I'm so sorry that you are in this situation and it's really unfare for you. This world where we live is cold and full of people that don't deserve the voice. But do you have any idea who it is that sent you the message?" He asked.

"No other than that it was from someone that works in Ferrari and was in a meeting room after the qualifying or then a person that knows about us" I said when I had firstly thought about my words for a few seconds.

"Well that's a good start" Seb sighed. "What kind of message was it?" He asked after thinking about it for a while.

"What do you mean?" I asked confused. Max started laughing.

"Oh Charles sometimes I forgot how stupid you can be" He said smiling. I could hear Sebastian laughing on the other side of the phone too.

"I still don't get what's funny and what did the question mean?" I said confused. Was I really that stupid or what.

"Was it a text message or email or something else?" Seb asked clearly still trying to hold his laugh.

"Ohhh, yeah I'm stupid, but it was an email" I said and blushed.

"What was the email of the person who sent it to you?" Max asked clearly getting what Sebastian was going after.

"I didn't check that" I said now really embarassed. Max ans Sebastian started laughing at me again. I blushed more heavily and went to check the email.

"The email is just some letters and numbers randomly" I said.

"Well every email has to insert a name there so if you look at the data is there a real human name somewhere?" Seb asked. I checked but didn't find anything helpfull.

We had talked about half an hour and not gone any closer to know who was behind the message. Suddently Max' phone started to ring and it was Lewis. Max picked it up and we explained lewis that Seb was also in the call so we could now all brainstorm ideas. It wasn't easy. Everybody was thinking and talking about different ideas and researching what we could do. It was almost midnight when we finally got the perfect idea and decided what to do. Me and Max promissed to do anything Sebastian or Lewis ever needed us to do because this had taken so much of their times. We finally hung up the calls after almost four hours of talking.

"How are you feeling?" I asked Max when we were finally laying in bed and lights were off so we could go to sleep.

"I feel fine. I think the plan is great, but we need to be careful so things don't go out of hand" He said. Max felt now much more calmer. It had been hard figuring out the plan but it was all worth it. In the end Charles was the only thing that mattered to him. "How about you what do you want to do tomorrow when we get to Mexico?" Max asked me.

"I want to eat tacos and go swimming" I said immediately. I had missed swimming in ocean and eating good real mexican tacos. I still remembered when we were in Zandvoort and Max took me out and we ate tacos. It was the perfect night and back then I didn't even know I had feelings for Max. How fast things had turned upside down.

"Yeah we should have the day just for the two of us. We have not had the chance for that in a while" Max said smiling. He snuggled closer to me. "But now we should go to sleep, we have to wake up at eight so we won't miss the flight" Max said.

"Good night" I said and gave him a kiss.

"Good night Charlie" Max said.

When I closed my eyes I fell asleep immediately.

I was walking in the paddock of the Mexican grand prix. I heard people whispering around me and noticed that all the eyes were on me. It was odd but I didn't think too much about it untill I heard the words Gay and Max. I turned to look at three some random women who all were wearing mclaren outfits. I kept walking I didn't want to stop, but I felt a lump growing in my throat. Had the person who had blackmailed me told everyone about me and Max.

"Charles wait up" Carlos yelled. I turned around to see him jogging towards me.

"Mate do you know what's up, everyone is staring at me" I asked. I noticed how Carlos' face dropped.

"Come with me quickly" He said grabed my arm and led me to our hospitality. He guided me to his driver room and closed the door.

"Tell me what's wrong?" I asked. I was now freaking out. Carlos couldn't look at me in the eyes and then I knew that something was terribly wrong.

"Charles.." He started, but couldn't continue right away. "Everyone knows about you and Max" He whispered. All the air escaped my lungs.

"Who told them?" I asked. I was horrified.

"Charlotte told everyone that you cheated her with Max and now everyone thinks that you are cheater" He said. Carlos looked at me with pain in his own eyes. He knew that I didn't do it.

"But Charlotte didn't know about me and Max, how could he tell everyone about us?" I asked confused. We both flinched when we heard someone banging the door.

"Charles, Max you will be late if you don't get your asses off the bed in this second" I heard someone yelling. It was weird since Max was not there with me, or was he?

Suddently I woke up and sat up so fast that Max who was sleeping on mu stomach hit his head to the headboard.

"Max it was Charlotte" Was the first thing that I said when I could funtion.

"What who was Charlotte?" Max asked clearly confused untill we heard someone banging the door again. Then I heard Pierre's voice.

"Charles or Max you have ten seconds time to open up this goddamm door or I will smash it open" He yelled. I quickly rushed put of the bed and openned the door.

"You have got to be kidding me" Pierre said with two big luggages in his hand. I had clearly forgotten to set up and alarm since we were up till late planning.

"I'm so sorry Pierre" I appologised while I was dressing up. Max had also finally realised what was going on and he had started dressing up as well.

"lucky for you I just got a message that our flight is an hour late so we can still make it" Pierre said while looking at his phone, "But you have to start putting alarms so I don't have to come and get you anymore" he said now a little bit calmer. When he was busy with his phone I whispred to Max' ear:

"I forgot that with the message came a photo and I can tell that it was taken by Charlotte." Max' eyes widenedd but he nodded.

"Well now the plan is easier to complete and I know how we can make it even better, because I when you were still together Kelly told me that she had seen Charlotte making out in a bar bathroom with some other guy" He smiled. My eyes widened. Did Charlotte cheat on me?

-------------------

Well this took longer than I expected... I became sick again and well had a bit of hard time writing this but hopefully you enjoy this. Again don't know if I like this or not but happy to have something for you to read!