30. Bad luck again and again
============================

We had rushed to the airport and luckily we just made it to the plane. However I was still in shock. Max had just told me that his ex-girlfriend Kelly had seen Charlotte making out with some random dude in a bar bathroom. The first thing that I thought wasn't that she cheated on me, but it was why Max didn't tell me about this sooner. I had been crying in his arms about our brake up but he didn't care to tell me about maybe the reason she broke up with me. In the end the reason didn't really matter since I was really happily with Max now, but it would have been nice to know things like these. But was it my fault that she cheated on me. Was I such a bad boyfriend to her. Maybe I just wasn't enough.

Max had noticed that Charles was quiet just looking out of the airplane window. He had not said a single word to him after they left the hotel with Pierre. Maybe I fucked up somehow. Maybe I shouldn't have told him about Charlotte cheating him, it was probably too much for him to handle right now. I sensed that Charles was not in a talking mood so I silently just took his hand in mine and stroked the back of his hand with my thumb. I saw how Charles smiled a little but he still didn't turn to look at me. I decided that the best way to make him happy again would be getting the tacos I really had been wanting and the talking and maybe watching a movie of his choice. We also needed to call Charlotte and inform her about our plan if he tried to force us out of the closet.

"I think that it was both Mattia and Charlotte" Charles said out of the blue. Me and Pierre had been talking and quickly turned to look at Charles. Pierre had no idea what Charles ment but I knew excatly what he meant.

"Why do you think so?" I asked as calmly as possible. This was a hard toppic for me and also for Charles so I wanted to approach it carefully. Especially now that Charles was clearly vulnerable.

"Well because the message said'putting Ferrari seacrets at risk'that sounds just like Mattia, I think he even said those exsact words to me in saturday, but the the photo is from Charlotte. They were always in really good terms I don't know why, but I think that Charlotte somehow got the photo of us and hinted Mattia that something could be going on between us and that's why he was at my hotel room on one morning trying to caught us. Charlotte probably wants to revenge, because I rejected him in Monza and Mattia is just homophobic" Charles said. It all started to make sence to me, I was now almost certain that it had happened.

"But how do you know that Charlotte took the picture?" I asked still trying to understand everything. Charles grabed his phone still not letting go of my hand and showed me the picture. I looked at it with Pierre, but I couldn't understand how he knew that it was Charlotte.

"I don't understand" Pierre said my thoughts out loud.

"Look at the window in the left corner, there you can see Charlotte's shadow" Charles said now smiling.

"Oh now that I see it it's quite obvious" I said.

"But I still don't understand, what message and all that shit" Pierre said frowning. I didn't blame him, it was complicated situation and we hadn't told him about this.

Charles started to explane it to Pierre in french who nodded and made some sounds when he heard something nasty.

"I have to say that they are incredibly stupid to think that you wouldn't eventually find out who was behind all of this, and they both just risked their careers with blackmailing you" Pierre said with big eyes. I wanted to say something but the flight captain interrupted me with an announcement that we would start landing now. It was very unsmooth landing and since I was sitting in the middle and both Pierre and Charles hated flying with turbulence my both hands were almost violet from them squeezing the life out of them.

When we went to get our luggage Charles' bag hadn't made it. That led to a very angry and hungry Charles, who was almost shouting to the people working in the airport. They promissed to deliver his suitcase to our hotel before Thursday, wich obviously made Charles even more mad. I tried to calm him down and offered that he could wear my clothes if he didn't have enough own ones. That worked and he wasn't as mad anymore. Pierre was just laughing at him because of his bad luck untill Charles reminded him that Pierre was currently 14th on the wdc standings. That made them both arguing in french, so this wasn't as much of a succsess as I had hoped for.

In the taxi wich took us to our hotel Charles started complaining about that he was hungry. I promissed that as soon as we had taken our stuff to his room we could go and find the tacos. Charles was still grumpy but luckily Pierre had one protein bar with him that he gave Charles. He knew that it could save us both from an extreme outburst. Charles was the angry when hungry type and we had both learned that in the hard way. I remembered that when Charles and Charlotte had just broken up I went to his room and he was just grumpy af. He was shouting until I asked what was really wrong and then he admiited that he was just hungry.

The traffic was huge in Mexico so it took us almost an hour to get to the hotel. When we checked in to our rooms There was a problem.

"I'm so sorry mister Leclerc but there is no room under your name" The reception lady told Charles. I heard that because I was checking in next to him. I could see Charles getting angrier.

"What do you mean there is no room under my name?" He asked trying to remain calm. "The Ferrari team is staying here this weekend" He said.

"Yes they are but there is no reservation under the name Leclerc" The lady said now looking a bit scared since Charles had started almost yelling.

"I want to see your manager" He said a little bit more calm clearly trying to control himself. Pierre walked to me asking why Charles is yelling. I explained that there had been a misunderstanding. When the manager came to him Charles started speaking angrily but the man couldn't do anything about the situation. The hotel was fully booked because of the gp as always. Charles called to someone and then handed the phone to the manager. After fifteen minutes beging on the phone Charles signalised that I had to go where he was standing.

"I am so sorry for the misunderstanding mister Leclerc, what could we do now to make it up to you" I heard the man asking Charles.

"Can you add me to the room where he is staying so my lost luggage will come to me eventually?" Charles asked. "And then we would like some tacos delivered to the room for free obviously since this was your mistake" Charles added. The man did everything he asked and gave us two extra room cards and told that the tacos would be there in the next thirty minutes.

"So you just assume that you can come sleeping in my room" I joked when we were finally in the elevator.

"Well yes I assume that" He smirked. "But how is this possible that nothing ever goes my way. Has someone put me under a spell or something. You never lose you luggage or have no room in a hotel" He sighed while walking towards now our room.

"I think so, it's the only logical answere in this situation, and maybe I was just born lucky" I laughed. I loved how Charles could joke about these things even a little now. I had taught him well.

The rest of the day was spent eating delicious tacos, watching modern Family (it had became our show that we always watched together) and later we went to the gym.

In the evening it was time for our plan that we had made for Charlotte and Mattia. Lewis and Sebastian came over to our room and we talked about the last details.

"Okay so now you will call her?" Sebastian asked making sure that he was fully aware of our plan. Charles nodded and pressed the call button. It took a few rings until Charlotte answered. We all heard the conversation that happened next but didn't understand it since the call was obviously happening in french.

"Oh Hey Charles congrats on your great race in cota!" She said excitedly. "But why are you calling me, I thought that you didn't want to be with me anymore" She said.

"Thanks and yeah I thought so too but it seems like I can't get rid of you that easily" He said with an evil grin.

"And what is that supposed to mean?" Charlotte asked clearly confused.

"I think you know the reason, you are trying to sabotage my relationship" Charles said with a serious voice.

"I don't understand what you are talking about"

"I know that you and Mattia are blackmailing me and Max" Charles said with a steady voice. It was silent from the other end of the line for a long time.

"Well even if it was us, what are you going to do about it?" She asked.

"Well I have proof that you took the photo and now I also have your word about it" Charles smirked, the plan had worked quite well untill now.

"What if I have already sent the picture to the gossip magazines?" She asked.

"Well then we are going to take this to the police. This would be a great thing for you and Mattia in court. I am accusing you of blackmailing, stalking and not respecting my privacy" I said.

"But how do you even know that it was me who took the picture?" She sounded scared and rushed now. We had gotten them.

"I can see your reflection in the window in the background" Charles simply said. Charlotte cursed silently but loud enough for Charles to hear.

"So what are we going to do now is that you tell Mattia that I know about everything and I am not affraid to go to the police with this if you don't keep your mouths shut untill I decide to come forward about this. Is it clear now?" Charles asked.

"Yes! Do you want something else?" She asked irritated.

"No, I want a confirmation from Mattia that he will stay out of my way and knows that I know he was behind this. And well I know that you cheated me when we were still together, so If you want to have a career still I would think about all of my moves from now on" Charles said and hung up before Charlotte could say anything else.

We all looked at Charles. Since we didn't speak french we were waiting for him to confirm that the plan had sucseeded. He didn't say anything untill Lewis gave up.

"So what did she say?" Lewis asked. Charles started smiling and told us that the plan had worked better than expected.

"So now we don't have to be scared that they are going to out us and we can do that when ever we want" Charles said smiling. I was so happy that I kissed him in front of Seb and Lewis who both made an'awww'sound.

"Honestly thank you so much for helping us. I don't know what we would have done without you" I said to Lewis and Sebastian.

When we were alone it felt so good to know that again another problem was behind us. We were stronger together and we could make it thru everything. Or at least I hoped so. We still had to tell Jos about our relationship...

-----------------

I have been sturgling so much with my time. It won't be any better for the next week but then hopefully a little better. I have had literally no extra time to write so this chapter is very rushed but I promise that I will come back stronger like Ferrari (hopefully)

The frist two races have been... not so good as a ferrari fan but hopefully we will rise from this!

fyi I have nothing against Kelly or Charlotte, this is just for the story!

and thank you so much for 25k reads and almost 1k votes they mean so much to me<3