31. Insecurities
================

Max pov:

It had been a good weekend for me, another win in my pocket. Charles however had had one of the worst races of the season. He was only sixth behind his team mate Carlos. The car was bad and Charles was tired. He had told me that he just wanted the season to end. It was understandable and I felt bad about that. But on the bright side it was finally the week of our Coldplay concert. We would be flying to Brasil on friday and the concert would be on saturday. Charles was very excited about it and so was I. I had been seacretly learning all the lyrics for their biggest hits and they had many good songs.

I had also been thinking about how I or we should tell about us to my father. He had been asking me about if I had a girlfriend more than normal and I was getting tired of it. Charles said that he was fine with telling my father about us but I didn't know if I was ready. He was homophobic and I knew that. When I was small he had told me that boys like girls not boys. Luckily I had an awesome mother and sister who always told me that I could love whoever I wanted.

In the last few days some photos of me on the beach in the summer break were leaked to the internet and I couldn't escape the hate that I was getting. I knew that I didn't have the sixpack, wich about all the other drivers had. I know thinking about this was ridiculous. I also knew that I wasn't the most handsome man out there, so I had been wondering how Charles could like me. He was one of the most beautiful and handsome man on earth and I wasn't. So safe to say that I had also strugled a lot recently. Thankfully the mess with Charlotte and Mattia had been sorted out succsesfully, so at lest Charles was happy. I couldn't tell him about my issues now that everything was going good again.

I was laying in our hotelroom bed while thinking about all of these things. Charles had gone to town with Pierre so I was alone and it was the best time to think about all of these things. Suddently I remembered that Daniel had asked me to do something with him whenever I had free time, so I decided to give him a call. The phone beeped four times before he answered.

"Hey Max! How are you doing?" He asked, I could hear him smiling while talking. I debated weather I should tell him the truth or just lie like a normal pearson. But before I could think about what I was saying the words just flew out of my mouth.

"I'm doing terrible, I need to talk to you" I said and then slapped my hand on my mouth scared about what I had said. It was silent for few seconds before Daniel started speaking.

"Thanks for telling me Max, where do you want to meet?" He asked smile long gone now. I almost asked if we could go somewhere eating since I was so hungry, but it made me uncomfortable right now so I asked if we could go for a walk. Daniel agreed and we agreed on meeting in the lobby in five minutes. I quickly got out of bed changed my clothes and texted Charles that I would be going out with Daniel. He replied immediately with 'Okay have fun<3'. I smiled at my phone, how could someone make me feel so warm inside by just texting me.

"Hey loverboy!" I heard Daniel saying right in front of me. I quickly turned my phone off. Hopefully he hadn't seen our messages. there were a lot of let's just say intimate messages on top of the todays text.

"Hey Daniel" I greeted him smiling. Even if we had been talking about going for a walk ee headed to a restaurat next to the hotel since we were both hungry. We were guided to a table in the back so we could get a little privacy. When we sat down Daniel leaned rorward and spoke quietly.

"Where is Charles, why are you not with him, or has something happened?" He asked.

"We're doing good, nothing to complaine about that, he's out with Pierre" I said.

"Well then what's wrong?" Daniel asked. I knew I had to tell him since I had started this convesation even if it was on accident.

"My dad is homophobic and I don't know how I should tell him about me and Charles" I said. I decided to start with the thing mostly on my mind. Daniel looked at me with a face that said he was trying to think of a good answere.

"I think you should do it somewhere at least a little public since we know his anger issues, but are you sure that you even want to tell him or that you are ready to tell him? I know you have a difficult relationship with him and I want you to do what's best for you and for Charles" Daniel added.

"Everyone else in my family knows and what if Luka or Lio accidentally told it to him. Then he would hate me even more for not telling him about this" I said trying to defend myself.

"Okay that's a good point, Maybe do it after you have won in Brasil" Daniel suggested "then he will be happy and it wont be as bad as it could".

"Daniel now you jinxed my win" I said laughing and Daniel started laughing as well. I decided that I would tell my dad when he would be in good mood next time.

"But let's get serious I know there is something else in your mind, I'm your bestie so please be honest with me" Daniel said now seriously. I sighed, it was hard opening up about your stuggles to someone, but I knew I could trust fully on Daniel.

"Why does Charles like me? My looks are above average and he's like a god. I have seen so many comments about how he is the prettiest human on earth and don't get me wrong I completely understand it since he is the most beautiful human ever, but why would he want me?" I said and could even feel tiny tears in my eyes. I almost never cried and it made me even more mad. How could I be so weak? However Daniel interrupted my thoughts.

"Max I know it's hard and I can understand what you are feeling. Self confidence is so hard to achieve. It took me years to get where I am now and because of mclaren I feel shitty again. But I don't think you are above average looking. You are just as beautiful as Charles in your own way. Even if you don't have the most pumped up body it doesn't mean that you are not beautiful. I think that Charles love you just the way you are and wouldn't change a thing. The point is, haters gonna hate. Shake it off. Taylor swift, always right." Daniel said looking at me straight in my eyes and smiling. It felt good to hear that even if it came from Daniel and not Charles. And Daniels Taylor Swift commet made me smile.

"Thank you Daniel" I said quietly. I was not the best pearson in thanking people but now I knew why Daniel was my best friend and it hurt me to see him strugling in mclaren adn seeing that he has no seat for next year. "But hey you had a great race last week in Mexico" I said and we started talking about his career moves and what he would do next year. He also told me some of the negotiations and offers that he had had. I made sure to ask him about his mental health and gave him some advice on that. We also ate some delicious food and for the first time in a few days I didn't feel guilty about eating.

Charles pov:

I was with Pierre in some type of museum. I didn't particularly like museums but I did it for Pierre since he had wanted to spend some time with me and had promissed to offer me drinks and food after. I had been a bit worried about Max. he had not been himself in the last few days. I didn't know the cause of it because I was too affraid to ask. It sounds stupid, but I was affraid that he would leave me and I knew I wouldn't be able to take it, he was the love of my life. Pierre clearly noticed how I didn't listen a word he was saying.

"Okay Charles should we leave the museum since you seem like you don't really like it here?" Pierre asked and I nodded. "If I had known you hate museums I would have brought Yuki here" Pierre lauged. For me it was not funny. At the same time I got a text from Daniel, my eyes widened when I was reading it.

"What is it?" Pierre quickly asked since he noticed my emotios. I showed him the phone.

'Hey Charles I am now out eating with Max and he told me he has had some difficulties about his body. I don't want to tell you everything that he said since it's not my plae to tell but I think you should talk to him and maybe make him feel good about himself ;). Sorry this is a serious thing I souldn't be joking, but couldn't resist!

I looked at Pierre. "Is it my fault that he is not okay?" I whispered. I felt awful, how had I not seen this. I was a bad boyfriend. Pierre took me in a hug.

"Charles this is not your fault, in this sport everyone goes thru something like this and the most important thing now is that you make Max feel better about himself and maybe in a way that Daniel suggested" Pierre said and winked. I laughed a little and blushed. We talked about this on our way to get food and drinks. I wanted to go straight back to Max, but I knew that he was now with Daniel so I didn't leave Pierre alone. When we sat down pierre crossed his arms and leaned forwards.

"So you have been together for what three moths and you have not told me a single detail about your sex life and I'm starting to think that you don't have it at all, so should I be concerned?" Pierre asked me with a dead serious face. I however knew he was kind of joking, but pleasure is a serious matter.

"Well I would say that you don't have to be" I said smirking. Pierre started smiling immediately.

"Is it good, who tops, where have you done it?" Pierre started firing me with questions. I was one margarita down so I was ready to answere.

"It is awesome, I have been with a lot of women but I think that no one has came even close to Max" I said "And we switch so sometimes he tops and sometimes I top" I said now slightly blushing.

"And wehre have you done it and how long did it take before the first time?" Pierre asked now even more courious.

"We have done it in so many places so I don't even remember" I lied, ofcourse I remembered. Unfortunately Pierre was my best friend and saw that I was lying.

"I don't believe you" He said. I sighed and told him about how in Italy we started dating and had sex right away. I also told about how we had almost gotten caught in America by Horner. When I didn't want to go into any more details I started asking Pierre about this new Girl he had been with for some time.

"When are you going to bring her to a race so I can see her?" I asked. Pierre smirked.

"She will come to Abu Dhabi so you can see her there" Pierre smiled. We ate the food and then left to the hotel. On our way back Pierre was telling me what I sould do with Max now. I had been careful not to drink too much so I would be in good senses. I wanted to be able to comfort him. I said goodbye to Pierre when I headed to our room hoping that Max would be there already.

I openned the door and saw him there laying on the bed watching something on his phone. I walked closer after taking off my shoes. I noticed Max going thru his foryou feed in tiktok. The best thing was that there was some kind of edit about me.

"I didn't know you had tiktok" I said smiling and gave him a kiss in the neck. Max hadn't clearly noticed me coming back because he jumped slightly before closing his phone and wrapping his arms around me.

"Did you have a good time with Pierre?" he asked. I nodded.

"Did you have a good time with Daniel?" I asked.

"Yeah but I would have rather been here with you" Max said with a cheeky grin.

"I hoped you would say that" I said and started kissing Max. I was now extremely needy. We hadn't had time for this in four days wich wasn't long, but clearly it was too long for me. max started undressing me. When I took his shirt of I made sure to compliment him.

"I forgot how hot and sexy you look" I said in between the kisses. I didn't lie. For me Max was the most beautiful human ever and I just wanted the best for him. I noticed how the words affected him in a positive way and it made my day a hundred times better. I made sure to give him more compliments than ever and he rerurned it. This time he was the top and I could already fell how sitting in a plane tomorrow would be a bit uncomfortable. luckily we had a private plane since my sponsor vista jet had gotten that for us. Oh life was perfect right now especially when a certain Dutchman was on top of me.

--------------------------

Finally after eight exams in two weeks I had time to write! So happy to get this out for you and thank you for waiting.

I will be leaving to Spain in couple of days and then the competition season will fully go crazy so updates will come when ever I have time.

But Australia... Great race entertainment wise, but bad results at least for ferrari and alpine:( but so happy for Oscar he deserves it<3