32. A Sky Full of Stars
=======================

Charles pov:

It was finally the day that I had been waiting for forever, or at least it felt like it. Me and Max were going to attend the Coldplay concert today. I was so excited that I woke up at eight in the morning. It was strange since I always sleept till noon. However the concert was in the evening so we had pleanty of time before that. I was so excited that I unintentionally woke Max up by slapping him in the face. I heard him mumbling something in Dutch untill he remembered that I don't understand him.

"Charles too early to be awake" he said and turned around, clearly not redy to wake up.

"But I can't and don't want to sleep anymore" I said and crossed my arms. I was sitting untill he sneaked his hands around my waist and pulled me down. I started laughing because he tickled me.

"Can I at least sleep a few hours more?" Max asked eyes closed. I thought about it for a few seconds.

"No you can't!" I said and took the blanket away from him. Max made a whimper sound because of the sudden cold. I just laughed at him because he looked so funny, it didn't last long before he tackled me to the bed and we started wrestling in the hotel bed. At some point it turned to making out and from there obviously to having morning sex. So safe to say that it was a good morning.

We decided to head to the private swimming pool since it was a hot day. It was a good decicion since we saw Alex, Lily, Carlos and Lando there. Lando waived at us so we headed to sit next to them.

"So we were thinking about going golfing, do you guys want to join us?" Lily asked. I turned to look at Max. I obviously wanted to go but I knew Max hated golfing.

"Yeah we can come, but I'm not playing" Max said to my surprise. I was so happy that I gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek untill I remembered that we were still partly in a public place. I turned to look at Lily.

"I knew already, do you think Alex can keep all the f1 drama away from me" She laughed and Max started laughing as well. Alex however didn't look that happy.

"Lily you can't tell them that I tell you everything, now they wont tell me everything anymore" he said faking his disappointment.

"When are we leaving?" I asked.

"In two hours if it's okay" Lando said and I nodded. We all laid there taking in the sun that was shining brightly. I closed my eyes just for a few seconds and felt the sun on my skin.

Max pov:

Charles fell asleep in the sunchair so I decided to get my revenge on him waking me up too early this morning. I grabed a glass and filled it with cold water. Everybody watched me trying to hold their laughs so Charles wouldn't wake up. Alex took his phone out and started filming everything. I slowly walked up to Charles and dumped the water on his face. I think I have never laughed so hard. Charles started screaming like a baby because of the cold water. Everybody else laughed exept Charles. He stood up and before I could react he lifted me up and threw me in the pool. Now I wasn't laughing anymore but he was.

"I'm dying" Carlos was laughing so hard that he had to bend down like Lando. Luckily I knew that Charles was a bit stupid sometimes so I sticked my hand up so he could help me up. It worked since he grabed my hand.

"No Charles it's a trap!" Alex shouted but too late. I pulled Charles to the water. He yelped and splashed water over Lando who was laying on ground.

"You are so stupid" He said after his head came back to the surface. I just smirked and swam closer to him but Charles just got out of the pool and went back to his chair. I frowned a little since he was acting little bit childish. Luckily Alex and Carlos came to the pool with me so I was not alone.

"What happened to him?" I asked confused.

"Don't worry he just acts offended so you would make it up to him" Carlos said smiling.

"How do you know?" I asked now even more confused.

"I am his teammate and he does this always when I beat him in challenges or padel or something like that" Carlos lauged.

"So in other words he just wants to get laid" Alex said laughing.

"Again" I face palmed and realised what I had said. I looked up and saw confused looks from Carlos and Alex. "Yeah we had a busy morning" I said and got up from the pool. If he wanted to be the bottom we had to leave so we had enough time before the Golf.

We were getting ready to go golfing wich I wast really excited about, but I didn't want Charles to cancell it because of me. I knew how much he liked golfing, well not as much as the others but he still enjoyed it. I tried to be positive and I thought that I could drive the golf car and sit there and laugh at Lando when he missed his puts.

Charles pov:

We drove to the golf course and I was excited. I had not had time to go golfing for a while so It made me happy to have the time for it now. I was also happy that Max joined us even tho he didn't like golfing.

The golfing part was fun. Lando got angry because he lost again and Carlos won again, well Lily won but we didn't count that since she was a professional golfer. Even Max had fun. He drove the golf car and laughed when someones ball went to the water. After golfing we went to get lunch in the country club. We chatted about our plans for the day.

"So what are you doing later today?" Lando asked while drinking his coke.

"We are probably going to the beach near the hotel" Alex said. "What about you and Max?" He asked.

"We have tickets to the Coldplay concert later this evening" I told everyone.

"Omg Alex why won't you take me to watch Coldplay?" Lily asked clearly jealous.

"It was a birthday gift from Charles to Max" Alex protested. "And I got you a new suitcase" Alex added and we started laughing.

"A suitcase, very romantic Alex" Carlos said.

"Well she needed a new one so whats so bad about it, it was an expensive one" Alex protested.

Safe to say it was a good afternoon golfing and having fun with friends. But I missed my family. I had not seen them in what felt like eternily. Luckily they would be in Abu Dhabi, but still I missed them very much. I knew that Max also missed his family. It was the worst part of our jobs to be away from our families such a long time. Luckily we had each other.

We got to our hotel room and had about two hours before we would leave to the Concert. I decided to go and take a shower since it was hot day and I was sweaty. Max didn't join me wich was a bit disappointing. In the shower I tried to wash all the sweat away. I thought about what I should wear to the concert but couldn't come up with anything good. It meant that Max would be getting a fashion show.

"Max I don't know what to wear!" I shouted when I came out of the bathroom. "Max I need help" I shouted again since I didn't get a response from the first time. I looked around the corner and saw that he was in a face time call I don't know with who and he was looking at me with fear in his eyes. Then I heard some man speaking in Dutch.

"Max die bij je is?"(Max who is there with you)Jos asked sounding oddly scared.

"Niemand vader"(no one dad)Max said, I obviously didn't understand what they were talking about but I could sense that It was about me.

"Max lieg niet tegen me en vertel me wie daar is"(Max don't lie to me and tell me who's there)Jos said now a bit angry. I saw how Max swallowed.

"Charles" Max said quietly, I was too affraid to say anything. I heard a long silence from the other end of the phone.

"Max why is Charles in your room asking what to wear?" Jos asked now in English so I could understand wich I was gratefull for. Max looked at me unsure about what to say so I just nodded. I didn't want to hide us anymore from his dad and I knew that Max wanted to tell about us to his dad.

"We are dating" Max said. Jos didn't say anything and just sighed.

"Does your mother know about this?" Jos asked and Max nodded. "Why haven't you told me about this?" Jos asked sounding disappointed. Max was thinking about what he should say and he chose the truth.

"I was affraid" Max whispered "and I didn't want to tell you like this, I wanted to tell you in person" he added.

"I'm not mad at you, I am just disappointed. Not because you didn't tell me, but because you felt scared to tell me" Jos said and Max' eyes widened. I wasn't expecting him to say anything like that and clearly I wasn't the only one by the look on Max' face.

"I am sorry" Max said, "but I would like you to meet Charles in Abhu dhabi and maybe you can meet his family there if you want" Max suggested. I saw Jos nodding.

"Charles come here, I want to see you so that I know that Max is not playing a prank on me, it wouldn't be the first time" Jos said now sounding a bit more relaxed. I quickly pulled on a random shirt that was on the floor and sat to the bed next to Max. I noticed how both of them were smiling. Max was clearly relieved about the response from his dad and that coming out to him was now done.

We spoke for a few minutes telling Jos how long we had been together ect. After he ended the call I turned to look at Max.

"I am so sorry for shouting at you, I didn't know that you were speaking to him" I appologised.

"It's not your fault and to be honest I'm glad that he knows so I don't have to hide it anymore" Max smiled at me and I hugged him.

"I wish that my dad and Jules and Anthoine would be here and we could tell them about us" I whispered quietly after a while and a tear rolled out of my eye.

"I know Charlie, but they see us from above and I know that they are happy for us" Max said and gave me a sweet kiss. "But now we have to get dressed or we will miss the concert" he said and we got up. Max helped me to choose my outfit and I helped him to choose his. We were matching since we were both wearing blue.

We took a taxi to the stadium. I had booked us a vip area so we could be in peace away from wild fans since there would be many people there tonighr. We got the light bracelets from the entrance and I was so excited at this point. We were guided to our places and I could see that Max was also really excited about this. We made it just in time and the first song started to play. It was Higher power witch was also one of my favourites from Coldplay. I was singing loudly untill I noticed Max singing the lyrics that I didn't even know he knew. He looked so adorable that I had to take a picture and I posted it on my private instagram right away with a caption'Happiest here with you<3'.

The concert was even more amazing that I could have ever imagined. Max knew the lyrics to almost every song that they played. We danced and sang together for the whole evening. I took videos and even asked a stranger to take a picture of us together when they played Yellow.  A Sky Full of Star was our favourite, the atmosphere was so magical and I even stole quick kiss from Max. I knew that everybody was too busy with watching the actual concert so no one wouldn't probably pay any atention to us.

The last song was Fix You. When the chorus came Max turned towards me and sang for me. "Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try to fix you". I started to sing together with him without breaking the eye contact. It was the best night of my life that I never wanted to forget.

----------------------------------------

I am back from spain wich was lovely! I am so bored now that there has not been any racing for a long time. Luckily I have many competitions. But thank you for reading this and hoping that you will have an amazing week<3 (btw can't wait for my coldplay concert in the summer:D)