33. What could go wrong?
========================

It was the Brazilian gp week and Charles was nervous. He needed to score more points than Checo if he wanted to get second place on the drivers championship. Sure he trusted his driving, but he didn't trust the car or the team and let's just say that it wasn't an ideal situation. Luckily it was a sprint weekend, so he had more chances to score points before Abu Dhabi. It was kind of crazy that almost every driver would fly to UAE in the night after the race, but it had to be done since the time difference was big.

Practice one was good. Charles right behind Checo and Max behind Charles, so Charles felt confident before the qualifying.

"Charles wait up" Max yelled when he saw Charles walking in the paddock towards the garages. Charles turned to look at him and stopped.

"I have one minute before I am ten minutes late so better be quick" Charles said trying to sound calm.

"Yeah I only wanted to wish you good luck and just say that they expect rain during q3 so if they don't inform you about that I want you to know" He said. Charles started smiling. He liked that Max wanted him to succeed.

"Thank you Maxy and good luck. You could always give me a little tow in the straight since we are so straight" Charles winked and started running towards the Ferrari garage. When he finally made it he was only 12 minutes late.

"Well finally mister stupid decided to show up" Carlos joked when Charles walked past him.

"Sorry that I have a caring boyfriend" Charles smirked.

There had been rain before the qualifying but luckily the track had dried enough, so they got to do fast laps on soft tyres. However it was a close call. Charles was only 12th in q1 and Carlos 14th. Luckily they both still made it to q2. It had started to rain a bit again but still not enough for intermediates or wet tires. It went better than the first qualifying so there was nothing to worry about, except q3. It had started to rain little bit harder and it would start raining even more in a matter of time. Still everyone were putting soft tyres, well exept for Charles but he didn't know that until he went to queue for the green light and saw that everyone else had soft tyres.

"Am I the only one with Inters?" He asked sounding a bit worried.

"Yes you are the only one" Xavi told him.

"Fuck why?" Now Charles was pissed. How could Ferrari ruin his chances again but still give Carlos a good chance for a decent lap. Charles noticed Perez behind him, and he decided that his only option was to keep him behind him for the warm up lap and the fast lap. When the light switched to green Charles drove as fast as he could with cold tyres, and he didn't let Checo through until after the first push lap when he pitted for soft tyres. It wasn't going good and then came the red flag because of George. Charles was furious. He didn't even try with the inters after the green flag since the rain was now too heavy. He got out of the car and didn't speak to anybody on his way to the drivers room. Only good thing was that Chaéco would start p9, and he p10 and Magnussens Pole, but he was really unhappy.

"Fuck why do you always ruin my chances" He screamed and banged the door. Luckily there was almost no one there but still some people who probably felt the same way as Charles. Charles sat quietly in the room just listening the rain for about ten minutes before his pr manager came to get him for the interviews. He saw max there who apparently didn't know about what had happened. Max had gotten a p2 which he was happy about and Charles tried to smile when he walked past Max, but he just couldn't. Max noticed how miserable Charles looked and turned to look at his pr manager.

"In what position did Charles finish?" He asked sounding a bit unsure.

"I think he didn't set a lap at all since they putted inters in his car for the first run" She said. Max knew now why Charles looked so miserable, and he became mad. How could Ferrari always fuck up over Charles. Max had to finish his interviews and go to a quick team meeting about tomorrow before he could head to the hotel. He wanted to comfort Charles and to be there for him but red bull had decided to keep him at the track as long as possible. It was almost nine pm when he got back to the hotel. Max saw Charles laying in bed under the covers and speaking angry French probably to Arthur and his Mom. Charles turned to look at Max when he heard the door closing.

"Who are you talking to?" Max asked and moved closer to the bed. Charles showed Joris and Arthur to Max and Max waived at them. Charles quickly ended the call and sat up, so he could see Max better.

"So how are you feeling?" Max asked carefully.

"Great, it feels great to be treated like this" Charles joked trying to smile but failing miserably. Max saw tears in his eyes and sat next to him on the bed and pulled him to a hug. We just sat there for a while until Charles felt a bit better.

"Mattia told me today that if I get the second place in the championchip I will get ten million dollar bonus" Charles said after a while. Max' eyes widened.

"Ten million dollars! Wow that's almost as big as my bonus last year!" He said while looking at Charles.

"How much did you get then?" Charles asked confused.

"It doesn't matter" Max said, but Charles insisted that he told him how much he earned from his first championship.

"Okay fine 12million bonus" Max said reluctantly. Charles started laughing.

"So your salary last year was like 30million in total" he said and Max nodded.

"It's crazy how much we get paid to do this kind of things" Max said and Charles agreed.

Fast forward it was sprint day and let's just say it wasn't a great race for Max or Charles. Max started second but got overtaken by firstly George then Carlos and lastly Hamilton. Carlos touched his front wing which made him loose time, and he was an easy catch for Hamilton. That was enough to make Max unhappy for the evening. Charles also didn't have a great race since he couldn't overtake anyone in the beginning, but managed to climb up to sixth from tenth it wasn't great but it could have been worse.

In the evening Charles and Max decided to forget the race and took a long bath together. They also ate some Brazilian food which was fantastic. The company they had from each other presence was enough to keep them happy for the rest of the night. It was also good that they didn't have any battles together, so they didn't have to be mad at each other from something stupid other did on track. They had made a promise to keep racing and relationship separately but it didn't always work out like that. They loved to speak about racing and talk shit about others, but they avoided talking about sensitive topics or their rivalry on track.

"So what do you think, where will you end up in tomorrows race?" Charles asked. They usually never tried to predict the results but the season was almost over so why not.

"Hmm, hopefully higher than you" Max joked. "No but seriously if it is not in the top three I must have made some stupid mistake or Lewis has taken me out" Max kept joking but Charles liked that.

"Well then If I don't win tomorrow either the car has broken down or Latifi took me out while I was trying to lap him" Charles said laughing. "We should write these predictions down and see tomorrow what happened" Charles suggested and Max thought that it was a great idea, so they wrote the predictions on Charles' notes app and went to sleep not knowing what the race would bring to them.

The starting grid was full of people and Max never liked that there were that many people who didn't belong in there but unfortunately he couldn't do anything about it. They had spoken about it in the drivers conference but the Fia didn't want to do anything about it since it brought them a lot of money. The grid access wasn't cheap.

The formation lap started and Max felt ready for the race. He was starting fifth since Carlos had an engine penalty that dropped him to seventh. Charles felt excited but somewhat frustrated. He had a lot of work to do if he wanted to be in the top three by the end of the race. The track was one of his favourites so the driving would be very enjoyable.

The lights went out and the race started. Max managed to hold his third position but Charles lost a place to Lando. There was an early safety car because of a collision between Daniel and Kevin but after the restart things got wild. Max and Lewis touched and right after that Lando span Charles around and Charles crashed into the wall.

"Fuck what a fucking idiot Hamilton is" Max said on his radio after falling to the back of the grid. Fia thought that Max was guilty and got a five-second penalty. Charles wasn't happy either and cursed on his radio. Luckily Charles was able to keep driving, but he was also on the back of the grid. It was Landos fault, and he got the five-second penalty this time.

Charles and Max both went to the pits Max had to change his front wing and tyres while Charles changed his tyres. They were now together in the back. It was becoming a long race for both of them. After Max served his penalty Charles was 15th and Max 17th.

By the lap 52 Charles had managed to climb up into 7th place while Max was 11th. Checo was 4th which meant that Charles would probably lose his second place in the championship. But then Lando's car broke and another safety car was brought to the track. Charles thought that it was karma since Lando ruined his race. After the last restart Charles managed to get past Perez and ended up in 4th place which was a great result when you look at where he came from. Max also ended up in 6th after a bit of a rocky race.

Still he had more pace that Checo so the team told them to switch the positions so Max could try, and overtake Alonso and if he couldn't do that they would switch the places back. However, Max couldn't get Alonso and he was asked to switch places back, but he just stayed silence. He knew how much the second place in the championship ment for Charles, so he didn't give the place back. Max knew he would hear about it later today and probably for the rest of his season but Max didn't care. His ego was also too big to give the place back even tho he had already won the championship.

After the race in the interviews Max heard that Checo and Charles were now even in the points. Charles heard the same thing and was super happy. He knew that he would do anything to get ahead of Checo in Abu Dhabi. After the quick meetings and packing in the hotel Charles and Max headed to the airport. They laughed about their predictions and how Max was right about Hamilton taking him out. Well he only collided with him but still almost the same.

It was surprising that almost half the grid was on the same flight so the first class was filled with drivers. It was also fun since they toasted to Georges win and then passed away because of the exhaustion of the day. They would wake up in Dubai the next day. Max and Charles were not sitting next to each other at first but Lando asked Charles if he wanted to switch as an apologise from the race and probably because Charles was sitting next to Carlos. Charles happily switched seats and ended up sleeping had in had with Max in the plane.

----------------------------------------

I am back and enjoyed writing this chapter a lot. I think I will stick with the third pearson pov since it's easier to write like that. (I have never written a story in english so I had to test everyhing first lol)

But it's RACE WEEK I am sso excited isnce baku is one of my favourite circuits<3

hopefully you enjoy this chapter and thank you for almost 40k reads, I never thought it would be possible<33333