34. having fun and then regretting it
=====================================

It was the last raceweek of the season. Unfortunately it was held in a country where dating someone from the same gender was against the law, so Charles and Max needed to be careful like they always were. It was wednesday and they were going to ride on camels in the desert. They decided to make it a fun day before the last push of the season. Charles had suggested it and Max had immediately got excited about riding a camel in desert. Max was currently driving the car to the place where Charles had booked the experience.

"So are you excited?" Charles asked Max. It was pretty useless question since Max had been very excited about it the whole day.

"No I am scared and want to turn around" Max joked which Charles somehow missed as his eyes widened when he heard Max.

"Max you should have said something sooner! But if you don't want to go I can just cancell it" He said voice full of panic. Max just started to laugh.

"Oh Charlie it was just a joke" he said in between laughs. Charles placed his hand on top of his heart and breathed out.

"Good because I had to pay for it in advance and I don't want to waist 500€" Charles said and now Max turned to look at him.

"What, how can riding a camel cost so much?" Max questioned but Charles just shrugged his shoulders. "Well everything is expensive here". Max couldn't disagree with him. They had been out eating somewhere yesterday with a view over Burj Kalifa and they had charged almost 200€ extra because of the view. Like the food wasn't expensive enough. Luckily they both earned a pretty good money so it wasn't a big deal. However since Charles grew up in a normal not very wealthy family he had learned to be a bit more carefull with his money. Or atleast when it had nothing to do with clothes. Max was the complete opposite with that. He liked spending money on everything else but clothes. maybe that's why he wore his team kit to almost everywhere. Charles was carefull to not let Max wear his team kit anywhere else than in the paddock or in sponsor things.

They arrived in the desert and got out of the car. Charles went to greet the pearson who was with the camels. When one of them sticked its head closer to Charles he jumped backwards almost falling since he wasn't expecting that. Max just laughed.

Max was almost immediately sitting on top of one but Charles was bit more hesitant. He started to regret that he suggested a thing like this. He was affraid that he was goint to fall off and it would walk over him.

"Come on Charles it's not scary it looks more scary that it actually is" Max tried to encourage Charles who was taking a picture of Max and the camel. Max was wearing a scarf around his head so he looked bit more like a sugar daddy.

"Maybe it's better that you ride it and then I will just watch from here" Charles said while stepping backwards.

"You didn't want to waist money so get your ass to the camel" Max said now holding his laughter. "What would everyone think when they hear that you are too scared to ride a camel" He said and winked.

"I will come but only if I can ride you aftewards" Charles suggested but with a quiet voice so the worker wouldn't hear him. Max laughed but agreed quickly. Charles sat on top of the camels back slowly trying to be carefull.

"Now hold on tightly, because it will stand up quickly" The guide said but Charles didn't hear him. Only when the camel stood up he let out a little scream and hold on for dear life. Max just laughed. He was having so much fun.

It turned out to be a really nice experience and even Charles liked it. The camels were walking towards the sunset. Max took his phone out of his pocket and started filming Charles and the sunset.

"Max are you crazy put your phone away so you won't fall" Charles said in panick.

"It's going slowly, I think I can handle it" Max said and at the same time almost dropped his phone only for Charles to have a chance to say'I told you so'. After the half an hour ride they were back at the beginning. The guide took a photo of both of them on top of the camels.

Back in the car Charles looked at the photos and decided to post one on his private insta. He wrote a caption'having fun with my maxy'.

"Can I post this photo on my private insta?" Charles asked Max who took a quick look at the photo and caption.

"Sure it's a good photo, and cute way to say that I'm yours" Max smirked and grabed Charles' hand.

After the post Charles closed his phone so he could focus on talking with Max. they were still in dubai so they needed to drive to Abu Dhabi. the drive was only about an hour to their hotel so it wasn't bad. they had decided to have few days in dubai before going to  Abu Dhabi where the race would be held. In fact most of the driver did that. They stopped in mcdonalds drivethru on the way mostly because of them both being hungry and Charles making puppy eyes to Max while begging for fries. They got a diet Coce to share, Max got a cheeseburger and Charles large fries with garlic mayo. When Max heard about the mayo he groaned.

"You have to brush your teeth before you can ride me" He said in all seriousnes. Charles slapped a hand on Max' mouth.

"Omg Max be carefull. They can't hear what we are going to do later, remember it's illegal" Charles said with wide eyes.

"Oh yeah I forgot that" Max said laughing, Charles just shook his head and thought about how stupid Max could sometimes be. The rest of the drive went on smoothly they ate and sang over the songs that were on Charles' playlist. When they arrived to the Hotel there were much more paparazi than there would normally be which made Max suspicioud and drove straight to the parking hall since they didn't know if they were waiting for them or someone else.

They made their way into the hotel lobby where Max stood behind watching their luggage while Charles checked into their room. Ferrari and redbull had decided to only get one room from now on since the other one would be empty and waiste of money.

When they finally made their way to their room they ran into Pierre.

"Finally Charles I have been trying to call you for like a hundred times" Pierre said a bit of worry in his voice. Charles frowned.

"What for? has something happened?" He asked. Pierre took his phone out of his pocket and showed the picture Charles had posted on his private insta or so he thought. "What is wrong with the photo?" Charles asked clearly not understanding the situation. Pierre looked at him with wide eyes.

"You posted it on your main account and now everyone is making assuptions because of the caption" He said. Max turned to look at Charles with wide eyes.

---------------------

Well hello! I have been sick again for a while and have had no energy for writing :( I am still a bit sick and allergies are bad but hopefully you enjoy this a bit shorter chapter.

I am not sure how many more parts this story will have so please for my next story you can give me ideas.

Happy May everyone!