36. The last dance
==================

Max pov:

After sleeping not that well at night it was time for the media duties of the week and the last one of the season which was a bit of a relief for me. Even tho I had won so much I was tired and needed the vacation. Me and Charles would also fly to Indonesia on wednesday. I hadn't told Charles about the trip and I wasn't planning on either. I would tell him only at the airport. Oh how much I was looking foward to the vacation together.

"Hey Max the press conference will start in five minutes" my press officer Vicky told me and woke me from my daydreams. I sighed. I just hoped that after one question about Charles' instagram post everyone would leave us alone.

When I stepped to the press conference room I noticed that only the middle seat was free and Charles sat on the right side of it. So I had no other options and sat down there. Immediately after that questions started and the first question was for Charles. What a surprise!

"So Charles we saw you had a great time yesterday with Max in the desert of dubai, so tell us a little bit about your trip" The interviwer asked. I sensed how Charles took a deep breath before starting to talk.

"So yeah, me and Max are very good friends off track and have been for a few years now. Obviously we have known each other since the karting days as you may know. We still happened to both be in Dubai yesterday and we thought that it would be a great idea to ride camels since neither of us have not done anything like that before and we had a really great time there" Charles smiled. I decided to also speak.

"Yeah and we wanted to have some fun before all the crazy fuss from the last race weekend of the year starts and I think we are both now a lot calmer" I added and the interviewer smiled and moved on to George to ask questions about his first win in f1. I was just relieved that the question was out of the way and I know that Charles was too.

Charles pov:

It was saturday afternoon and the third practice was going to start in two hours. Max had messaged me that he had something important he wanted to show me and I was excited. Maybe he had bought me some kind of gift which I would like very much. But even a kiss was a good enough gift for me. We could never be really close to each other on race weekends other than in the Hotel rooms but it was the best decicion so we could focus on driving, so it was a bit unusual for us to see each other in our hospitalitys.

I walked into the redbull hospitality and I remembered that I didn't know where his driver room at the moment was. Luckily Max was just coming down the strairs with someone.

"Hey Charles come here!" He waived at me. My eyes widened when I realised that the pearson was Jos his father. I wasn't prepaired to meet him like this for the first time. No it was a lie, I had seen him multiple times on track for almost twenty years since he was always with Max on karting tracks. I knew Jos would be in the paddock this weekend but I had been too busy to really think about it. However I had agreed to meet him when he would be around again so I couldn't just run away. Max could probably sense how nervous I was right now. We walked more to the back of the building so other people wouldn't see us, keeping in mind the rumours that were going around after the photo I accidently posted on my main account.

"So Charles dad came here and wanted to see you" Max said to me. I was still not used to the fact that Jos was okay with us being in a relationship.

"Hi Jos" I akwardly greeted him and offered my hand for him to shake it. However Jos took me in a hug which took me completely off guard. But it was nice for him to be so happy after all the raging videos of him that I had seen.

"So good to finally see you Charles" He said happily. I think I have never seen him this excited. "Max has been so happy lately and I am so happy too" He said and I blushed. We spoke for a while before Max said that he needed to go and get ready. Jos left to the garage and when I was leaving Max took my hand and pulled me back.

"You seem a bit tenste come with me" He said and took my hand. I didn't really know what he was up to. Max guided me to his driver room and locked the door so no one would walk in there while we were inside.

"I have two options for you and you can choose" Max said before continuing "either I will give you a massage or I will ride you" he said with a grin. It took me a while to realise what he meant.

"The latter I said" already desperate for Max. He started smiling and kissing me. I pulled a bit back.

"But are you sure? We have to drive in an hour?" I asked. I saw how Max was thinking about it for a brief moment but then he took his shirt off and started kissing me again. I have to say, Max is quite good at making me feel relaxed. He pushed me into his sofa and clibed on top of me after taking of my clothes. The space was a bit too tiny for riding but somehow we made it work.  We were having so much fun untill just before we were finishing there was a knock at the door.

"Max you are late!" Brad said from the other side of the door.

"Yep, I'm coming"  Max shouted.

"I will wait for you in the garage" Brad said and we heard him leaving. I had hard time trying to not laugh.

"I hope he didn't realise that you are literally coming" I said still trying to hold my laughter and Max just smiled while shaking his head.

Andrea scolded me for being late once again. He even questioned if I really wanted to get the second place in the championship which I obviously did and he knew that very well.

I guess that sex before the third practice affected Max a bit since he was only second. Or it didn't and he was just chilling now that he had no more pressure. I wasn't happy that I was over half a second slower than Checo and didn't know how it would go in the qualifying. Luckily we had a lunch break before quali so I got to relax a bit. I decided to send Max a text.

Charles: Well was it worth the pain?

Bebe<3: when we are in the last race of the season that I have already won... Yes 100%

Bebe<3: But maybe we won't do that in the early stages of the season.

Charles: Agree.

Bebe<3: What are you having for lunch, brad was mad at me for being late so now I have spinach tortellini :(

Charles: I have a protein salad... But with Ice cream :)

Bebe<3: So unfair! Can't wait for the break so we can eat pizza together every day

Charles: only a few days!

Bebe<3: Yep but have to go now good luck hopefully you will get pole<3

Charles: oh then you can drive a little slower?

Bebe<3: No way you need to just be faster than me

Charles: ....okay Good luck, I love you!

Bebe<3: Love you2

In the end I didn't get pole. In fact he would start third behind both redbulls which was a bit disappointing but everyone knew the redbulls were faster and my chance to beat Perez was only tiny. The worst part was that the margin between me and Checo was only 0,04 seconds. Because of that I stayed at the track almost till midnight with Carlos talking about the strategy and what we should do in order to beat Perez.

When I finally came back to the hotel room Max was fast asleep and I didn't want to wake him up. Luckily I had ate my dinner at the track since we knew we would have to be there quite some time so I just had to shower, brush my teeth and go to bed.

It was almost one am when I climbed on to the bed next to Max. I was absolutely bombed tired. Max woke up but only so slightly that he turned towards me and took me in his arms. It was the best feeling after a long day at track. It had been a bit up and down. Jos was nice but quali wasn't. I decided to say a final prayer to my dad, Jules and Anthoine before going to sleep. They were probably all rooting for me. I thought about how much my dad had sacreficed for me to be able to race and how much support Jules and Antoihe had given for me through out my whole life. I wante to win but obviously couldn't do that this year so I wanted to do the best that was possible. Next year I would aim for the win as always.(cries in 2023)

*** race time***

Max had told me hundred times that he was still proud of me even if I wouldn't finnish second in the championship but we both knew that I didn't care about anyone else bening proud of me. Or almost anyone but I needed to prove myself that I could do this and that's probably why my heart rate was higher than normal in the formation lap. I was scared honestly. I knew that I would be either second or third. It felt like the time stopped when we were witing for the lights to go out. I sat there waiting for what felt like hours when in reality it was only like 20 seconds.  At the start I couldn't get past Checo. I was disappointed but not losing my hope. We had in my oppinnion a great strategy and I knew what I had to do in order fot it to work. I couldn't let the redbulls get too far ahead. After me and both redbulls had pitted I was still third but we would push Checo to do another stop. In that way we would get past him and I would have to push like hell and try to keep him behind me for the rest of the race.

And it worked. It was super tight at the end but I managed to keep him behind me. In the end he was only one second behind me crossing the finish line but the only thing that mattered was the fact that I was second and I had done what I could do. After the race I heard that when Checo was lapping Pierre he had been keeping him behin. I was gratefull for my best friend and happy.

We did some donuts to celebrate the end of the season. I teared up a bit when I saw Seb making his godbye donuts. He was my first Ferrari team mate and he taught me many things. For him I would also be grateful forever. In the podium I smiled happily and we sprayed champagne. The party would only start from here.

----------------------------

Well I got depressed all over again... What the hell was yesterdays race for Ferrari?!

ps. This story doesn't end here!