37. Surprise!
=============

Charles pov:

After the race and last interviews me and Max made our way seperately to our hotel to shower and to get changed. We would be heading out to party asap. I would join some random party Max and his friends had organized and I think almost every driver would be there since the Dutch people were known to hold great partys. I had had barely any time to think about my second place and it came to my mind when we were in the shower and Max whispered to me:

"I am so proud of you! Next year you will win, but now we will celebrate us" Max said and started kissing my neck. It felt so good, like Max always felt.

"I love you and am so proud of you too" I said and lifted my other leg so I could wrap it around his waist. Max looked at me with a grin.

"Are you sure you want to be late again. I don't mind but we can do this later" He said grinning widely and I could feel how he was getting hard.

"It's your party so we can be as late as we want" I said before I started kissing him passionately. Max kissed me back and lifted me into his arms. My back was against the wall, my hands were in his hair. The warm water was falling down on my face, it felt so good to just be here and not having to think anything else than the feeling of wanting Max. Suddenly I could feel Max' finger in my hole. I hissed slighlty but got used to the feeling quickly as we were still almost trying to eat each others faces. The second and third finger felt like nothing and I was ready for Max.

Max carefully put me down but after that roughly turned me around and placed his hands on my waist. The feeling of his hands alone made me moan but the feeling when he slided inside me was something I would never want to forget. My hands were against the steamy glass wall so I wouldn't fall.

"Ahh Maxy" I moaned even louder. It just felt so good to be eased after a long and tiring race. "You feel too good" I moaned but then Max stopped moving. I turned my head to see what he was doing but before I could say anything he thrusted inside with full force and I thought my brain would explode.

"I will fuck you so hard that you won't be able to sit for the rest of the night" Max said with low voice. Only hearing his voice could make me come if I didn't try to keep it in for a little.

"Yes please" I said my voice barely understandable. Max started thrusting hard and fast. I couldn't help the voices that escaped my mouth anymore. "I won't last long" I mumbled and could feel how Max' hand creeped around my dick and he started stroking it. "Maxx" I moaned "I'm coming" and five seconds after I had said that I could feel Max coming while I came. He moaned my name loudly. My brain felt light and my legs almost failed under me, luckily Max caught me before I fell.

"Fuck that was so good" I mumbled and kissed him.

"We should do this more often" Max laughed and I nodded. We cleaned each other and went to change our clother so we would be party ready. We made our way to the party with a taxi since we would both probably be drinking heavily. Some people teased us for being late again but I certanly didn't care since the sex had been amazing. Later in the evening I was chatting with Joris and some other of my friends when Max walked to us. The party was going in full speed so not many payed atention to this.

"Can I take a photo of you?" Max asked me. I wanted to post a picture on my instagram that was not racing related so I agreed.

"You look so hot" Max said with eyes sparkling. It made me blush heavily.

"So how should I pose?" I asked Max.

"Do I look like someone who is good at model poses?" Max asked me laughing and I smiled.

"To me yes you look like that" I said smiling. The photo turned out better than expected and Max was actually a good photographer and gave me a couple of good pose ideas. Joris was just smiling beside me.

I posted the photo on my instagram after Max had sent it to me and we continued drinking and partying. At some point I was dancing wildly with Carlos and Fernando and in the next moment I was singing seniorita at stage with George untill Toto (who I had no idea why he was in Max' party) came to the stage, took George's mickrophone and started singing with me. The last moment I remember from the party was when Mas was holding a big champange bottle in the air with people cheering. I took a photo of him and posted it on my instagram story. I was meant to post it on my main account but in my drunken state luckily I 'accidentally' posted it on my friends and family account.

It was almost five in the morning when me and Max were making our way back to the hotel in a Taxi with wet clothes since he had decided that it would be a good idea to jump into the see. After that not so drunk Christian had guided us into a taxi where Max was now sleeping while he was leaning his body to mine. My legs hurted since I really didn't want to sit long perioids. I stayed barely awake and had to wake Max up at our hotel because I wouldn't be able to carry him to our room. We fell asleep immeadiately too drunk and tired to think about what tomorrow would hold.

Max pov:

I woke up to a horrible feeling. I didn't want to open my eyes since my head hurted so badly. I groaned and tried to turn around so I could continue sleeping but something was holding me back. Or rather someone. I heard Charles snooring on top of me. When I finally got my eyes open I grabed my phone from the nightstand and looked at the time. It was just few minutes over midday so I decided to wake Charles up mainly because I wanted to get water and aspirin. I gently kissed his head and ruffled his hair. Charles started to move and groaned.

"Everything hurts" He mumbled and climbed closer to me. I chuckled.

"Can you please get off of me, I want to get water and painkillers" I said with a quiet and sweet voice. I knew that Charles could be very grumpy in the mornings so I tried to avoid him huffing at me. Luckily Charles moved away so I could get up. Right when I stood up I felt the vomit coming and rushed to the bathroom. Luckily the toilet seat was up so I made it to the toilet. It felt much better when I had trown up.

"Max are you okay" Charles called me sounding a bit worried but mostly still half asleep.

"Yes I'm fine" I said, flushed the toilet, grabed the painkillers and filled two glasses with water. I made my way back to the bed and gave Charles the other glass and two painkillers. He thanked me before drowning them.

"Remind me to never drink that much ever again" He murmured head buried in the pillow. I just laughed. I too had been drinking way too much and thought that it was enough for the next couple of weeks.

"I don't want to go outside to eat. Should I order us breakfast?" I asked charles who happily agreed. I ordered us a lot of fresh tings along with some pastries which I knew Charles liked. Because of the hangover we spent the whole day in our hotel room or in the private pool outside. We were not sheduled for the after season tyre testing so tomorrow we would leave for Bali. I had been waiting for the trip so long and it had been so hard keeping it hidden from Charles. Charles thought that we would be leaving to Monaco in the morning so we packed our bags and went to bed early.

third person pov:

It was seven am when Max woke Charles up with kisses all over his face. Charles who wasn't ready to get up this early just groaned and buried his head in the pillow. Max chuckled.

"Charlie we need to get up or we miss our flight to freedom" Max laughed when Charles had stuck up his middle finger for Max.

"Fineee" Charles groaned and rolled out of the bed falling to the ground with a loud bang. Max couldn't keep his laughter inside and soon Charles joined him. They brushed their teeth, packed the last few things and headed to check out of the hotel before going to the airport. Since it was an early morning there were zero to none people in the hotel lobby so they could get to a taxi quickly. Max had suggested that they would eat breakfast at the airport lounge and Charles agreed. Max was thinking what would be the best moment to reveal Charles where they were actually going and decided that over the breakfast would be the perfect time.

Taxi ride to the airport was short and spent in a comfortable silence. Untill Max remembered something he had forgotten to thank Charles for.

"Hey the seacret santa present was quite good! Thanks for that" He said turning to look at Charles who was scrolling thru instagram. he quickly closed his phone and turned to look at Max.

"Glad you liked it. I had already decided what to get you for christamas so I had to think something simple for that" Charlse chuckled.

"Yeah, what did you get and who was your seacret santa?" Max asked now curious.

"Zhou got me a tea set. It's very pretty and I didn't have one so now I can make us some Chinese tea" Charles said after having to think what he had gotten for a while. The taxi driver slowed down and they noticed the airport in front of them already.

"Can you check in my bags I have to pee really badly" Charles asked when they got inside.

"Sure if you can't wait for few minutes" Max laughed looking at Charles who couldn't stand still anymore. "But didn't you pee in the hotel?" Max asked.

"No I forgot, thank you" Charles said and rushed towards the bathrooms while Max went to drop their bags before they headed to the lounge together. They gathered enough delicious food on their plates and went to sit in a corner booth so people wouldn't recognice them.

"So in what time are we landing in Nice so I can get someone to collect us from the airport" Charles asked scrolling thru his whatsapp conversations to figure out who was in town.

"About that... I have a surprise for you" Max said now smiling brightly. Charles looked up from his phone looking confused. "We aren't going to Monaco" Max said and Charles' mouth fell open.

"What? Was our flight cancelled or where are we going?" Charles asked now really confused.

"We are going to Bali! I booked us a surprise trip" Max said happily and noticed how Charles' eyes started to sparkle.

"Really!?" Charles asked looking so happy.

"Yes really! I wanted us to be able to relax properly after the season so we are going to do that now" Max said.

"Oh I love you so much, thank you thank you Maxy" Charles said excitedly. He got up sat next to Max hugged him tightly and gave him a kiss. "This is the best surprise ever! When did you even plan this?" Charles asked still holding Max.

"Before Singapore" Max answered. "I had to ask Arthur about your calendar so that you were free" he said.

"I am so happy but I definitely didn't pack enough clothes" Charles said laughing.

"Don't worry I packed some extras for you too" Max told Charles and gave him another kiss before they remembered that they were in public and broke apart. After eating their food Max and Charles made their way towards the gate just before the boarding started. Let the vacation begin!

-------------------------

Well... this took longer than expected. I have finished my schoolwork (finally) and worked in my job so I have been really tired, but the real vacation starts now! This book is almost coming to an end and I can't believe how many of you have been reading this and I am so thankfull for that<3.