38. Chrismas gifts
==================

Max pov:

We had an amazing holiday in Indonesia. Charles and I had finally time to relax properly without having to eat healthy food and train constantly. We swam a lot, saw dolphins and other animals and actually swam with them. It was the best holiday I had ever had, but after two weeks it just being the two of us alone it was nice to go back to our families. We had agreed to spend Christmas together in Monaco with both of our families.

"So have you bought any presents yet?" Charles asked me while we were in the middle of a movie while flying home on my jet.

"Nope not yet" I said shaking my head. It was a lie. I had bought Charles' present but didn't want to tell him that. I knew if he knew that I had something for him he would start to question me and I was terrible at keeping gifts a seacret.

"Should we go shopping when we're back in Monaco, since I have not bought anything yet" Charles asked. I agreed and we went back to watch the movie which was the grinch. I ended up falling asleep before the movie ended. We had had a long travel from Bali to dubai where we had a layover and switched from commerical flight to my jet. It was around 4pm when we landed in Nice.

"So who is picking us up?" I asked Charles while we were walking towards his car. Before Charles could answer I saw Arthur getting out of the car and running to us. Charles immediately took him in a long hug.

"How was your holiday?" Arthur asked and picked up Charles' luggage.

"It was perfect!" Charles said and turned towards me and gave me a kiss.

"Oh you look like you just came back from your honeymoon or something" Arthur chuckled.

"Well first we'd have to get married" I said smiling and sat on the backseat. To my surprise Charles came to sit with me on the back.

"Mom would be so happy if she had the chance to organize your wedding" Arthur said happily and Charles agreed. I felt a little movement in my stomach and it was not because I was hungry.

"So where will I drive you?" Arthur questioned and I turned to look at Charles.

"To Max' house" Charles said and Arthur nodded. After that me and Arthur talked but Charles fell asleep on my shoulder, it had been a long travel day.

---- Christmas day ----

I was trying to decide what to wear while Charles was taking a shower. I was always so bad at deciding what to wear so I gave up and decided that Charles probably would want to help me anyway and question my choises. Instead I went to pack all the gifts into a big ikea bag since our Chrismas dinner would contain both of our familys and we had a lot of presents. Some of the presents we had dropped off to Charles' moms house the day before since Luka and Lio would get kinda big presents from us. Yes we had decided to buy presents together for everyone because two brains had better ideas and two wallets saved money for both not that it mattered.

"Max why are you almost naked, we have to leave soon" Charles asked me laughing.

"Well I was waiting for you to come and tell me what to wear" I said blushing. Charles' eyes lit up and he sprinted to now our closet. Charles had basically moved in with me after we came back from our holiday. He was so happy that he got to choose my outfit. He picked us a matching outfits. We had decided that today was the formal dinner and tomorrow we would dress up in our funniest christmas sweaters.

It was around three pm when we made it to Pascales house. We were the last ones to arrive.

"Last ones again! What were you even doing?" Victoria asked when he came to greet us.

"This time it was Max' fault" Charles said in a loud enough voice so everyone could hear him. I rolled my eyes. "Max had lost one of the presents and spent twenty minutes looking for it and then finding it out of his pocket" Charles continued and everyone laughed.

Luka and Lio ran towards us from the kitchen and clung onto my legs so it was pretty hard to walk. We were there just in time for a Trivia game since it was little ones nap time before dinner. We drew the teams. I was with Lorenzo, Tom and Carla. Charles was with Jos and Victoria, The last team was Pacale, Sophie and Arthur. Obviously my team won and Charles' lost which he was so mad about. After that we ate dinner and at the end of it I disappeared since I had to dress up as santa for the little boys. It was safe to say that they loved the santa and didn't even notice that I was gone. After santa gave his presents for the boys and after we made our self comfortable on the living room to excange our gifts. It was so much fun since we decided to give one at a time so we could get good reactions and see what everyone got. At times I nervously checked if I had the box in my pocket.

Charles was so happy when he got new headphones from my mom. One night I was on a videocall with her and Charles had came to the room angrily after searching the entire house but not finding them. Luka loved the little ferrari car that we bought for him. Charles had demanded that it had to be ferrari. It was the type of car where he could sit inside and drive it. Lio on the other hand got a fireman toy from Pascale and it ended up being his absolute favourite one. My favourite one was a painting Charles had bought me to hang up to now our home.

When all the gifst had been given I could see that Charles was a bit sad that I hadn't given him anything but he didn't mention anything before my mom spoke up.

"Max did you forget your gift for Charles or have you already given him something?" She asked me. I shook my head.

"No I didn't forget" I said and stood up Grabing Charles' hands so he would stand up with me.

"Charles" I began and my voice was shaking a bit since I was so nervous. I could see how Carlas eyes were wide and she covered her mouth with her hands. I looked back to Charles' eyes. "We have known each other for years but we really began to be friends only last year. Sometimes I think back and think how we could have been something more for so many years already if we had just tried to get along. I would have realised sooner how much I love you. I love spending all my time with you. I love waking up in the morning when you still sleep, and I love even more when you wake up and I can look at your beautiful green eyes." At this point everyone had realised where this was going and I could see some tears in Charles' eyes.

"Even tho everything isn't always easy and rose coloured I want to spend the rest of my life with you and only you and I want to tell everyone that I love you and that we are together. I am so proud of you and will always be. I know your dad is not with us anymore so I couldn't ask him for your hand so I asked your mom who started crying out of happines and told me that Herve would have loved to see you so happy that you are with me, so with that I ask you..." I went down on one knee and openned a small box that I took out of my pocket. I heard few ghaspes.

"Will you marry me?"

"Yes! I will" Charles said now fully crying. Everyone started cheering and I put the ring on his finger got up and kissed him in front of everyone. Charles hugged me tightly and whispered:

"I am so happy that I could explode. I love you". I had some tears on my eyes and after we broke apart everyone was hugging us. Our moms were crying and hugging each other. Even my dad was crying. The only ones that didn't cry were Luka and Lio who looked confused.

"Max, waarom huilt iedereen?"(Max, why is everyone crying)Luka asked confused.

"Omdat ik en Charles gaan trouwen"(Because me and Charles are getting married)I said smiling. I could see how Lio and Luka started smiling brightly and Lio ran towards Charles and grabed his leg.

"Charles, mag ik naar je bruiloft komen?"(Charles can I come to your wedding?)Lio asked and Charles laughed while picking him up.

"Ofcourse you can. You can be a flowerboy" He said laughing and smiling so brightly that the starst had nothing on him.

We celebrated the whole evening before Luka started crying out of tiredness and we all decided to head home and hotels so we could get some well earned sleep before tomorrows movies and sweaters.

I was driving Charles' Ferrari down the streets and holding his hand. Bruno Mars Marry you started playing on the radio and Charles started to sing along.

"Is it the look in your eyes or is it this dancing juice? Who cares baby I think I wanna marry you" We sang the whole song and after we got to our house I picked Charles up and carried him bridal style up the stairs. I put him down on the couch and immediately Jimmy and Sassy came to us.

"Do you like the ring?" I asked.

"I love it" Charles said smiling. "But did you mean it when you said that you wanted to tell everyone that we're together" Charles asked and I smiled.

"Yes I did and we can tell everyone when you want" I said.

"How about we tell them now?" Charles asked shyly.

"If that's what you want then we can tell everyone now" I said and kissed Charles and after that we started deciding what pictures we should post. We both made our own posts on instagram.

"Together on and off track. Today he asked me to marry him and I said yes! I love you and I am your biggest supporter<3"

"Today we raised a toast to us, can't wait to see what the future will hold for us I will always love you<3"

We posted the pictures and went to take a shower together so in the mean time world could go crazy but we would just get to be in peace. After that we had quite some engagement sex.

We were lying in bed and Charles turned to look at me. "You gave me a beautiful speech today so now it's my turn to give you one that I have not prepared at all" He said and I smiled brightly.

"Max I don't know how I managed to get someone as kind and loving and perfect like you but I did and I am so happy about it. I couldn't ask for anything more. Ten years ago when we were racing against each other I couldn't even imagine that now ten years later I could call you my fiancé or that I would get married to a guy for that matter but I wouldn't change anything. You were always there for me and for that I am forever gratefull.I never knew I needed you, untill now. I love you"

---------------------

So that was it. (I am crying) I didn't write this last chapter sooner because I didn't want this story to end. It has been an emotional rollercoaster for me and I am so gratefull for each and everyone of you that has read my story. This has almost 90k reads and I can't belive it. I will take a break from writing but will definitely be back once I know what I want my next story to be but it will probably be an f1 bxb story. School starts next week and I am not ready for my vacation to be over. But so happy for Pierre and Charles! Amazing results in spa for Anthoine<3