CH: 21
======

a/n:a lot of you didn’t get notified yesterday so just a heads-up to check out if you’ve read the last chp since this is its continuation.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

Aditi barely recovered from the kiss when Ishan blurted out, “Slap me.”

“W-What?”

Ishan darted his eyes around before repeating in a whisper, “Come on, just slap me.”

“Why–”

“Please, Aditi.”

She, still in a daze, nodded slowly upon hearing the desperation in his voice. With a mixture of confusion and hesitation, her hand slowly moved forward and then landed on Ishan's cheek.

Ishan could hear a few gasps around them, but his eyes lingered on the water bottle in Aditi's bag. “Now, grab that and splash it on me,” he said, pointing.

“What happened, Ish–”

“Please,” he mumbled, his eyes wide with urgency.

Aditi’s heart clenched as she shakily grabbed her water bottle. Her eyes locked with his as she twisted open the cap. Ishan shot her a weak smile, staying still as everyone pulled out their phones to record the scene.

Oh.

Aditi hesitated for a moment, her grip tightening around the bottle. She remembered something she had read:"In love, you are selfless."With that thought, she finally emptied the bottle over his head.

Louder gasps followed and the clicks intensified as people watched water drip down Ishan’s hair, soaking his clothes.

“Leave me,” Ishan whispered.

Aditi knew he meant for her to leave him just for the moment, but she felt tears brimming in her eyes. “Yeah,” she managed a small smile. “I will. Or you might never really find love.”

Ishan's heart ached as he watched her smile, but he resisted the urge to follow her. He allowed people to record him, giving them the gossip that should keep them talking for at least a week.

As long as Shubman’s secret was safe.

Ishan got used to the stares and whispers by the end of the day. He even flipped off a few people for good measure.

“Heard you got dumped, Kishan?”

Ishan sighed inwardly as he recognized the owner of the voice. He turned with a bright smile. “Heard your girlfriend fucked the football team, Rohan?”

Rohan clenched his jaw, his lips curving with anger. "You think you're funny."

Ishan just shrugged. “I would love to stay and chat, but you know, one of us has to win matches.”

Rohan’s fists clenched by his sides as he inched closer to Ishan. “You’re asking for it today,bitch,” he threatened, or at least tried to.

Ishan barely spared an eye-roll when he got shoved against the wall. He could end this before it began with an uppercut, but he would rather not get suspended few months before graduation. Instead, he smirked at Rohan.

“Still mad you couldn't even make it to the state?” he teased.

Rohan snarled, his face contorted with rage as he lunged forward, though he punched the wall instead in frustration. Ishan didn't bat an eye.

"Must be sad to be so pent-up. Maybe ask your girlfriend?” Ishan taunted mockingly. “Oops, too bad she's busy in the streets.”

“Fuck it, you're dead today,” Rohan hissed, his knuckles white as he grabbed Ishan's shirt and reeled him in. His fist collided with Ishan's jaw, the impact sending Ishan staggering backward. He could taste blood in his mouth for a second.

“Ah, fuck,” Ishan grunted as he spat. “Motherfucker, you think this is a movie?”

Rohan stood back, jutting his chin out. He pulled out his phone, showing the photo from last night. It wasn't even Ishan in the picture, but the implication was enough to make him feel sick to his stomach.

“Still got any balls or did you chop them off to be with that ***?”

That's when Ishan lost it. His eyes shot up in fury, and before he realized it, he had swung his fist, landing a solid punch squarely on Rohan's face.

Shubman was really worried about Ishan. First, he woke up to the news of his best friend apparently getting publicly dumped. Then, he couldn't find the boyanywhere. He wasn't even picking his calls or replying to his texts. The strangest thing was that he missed practice. Ishan never missed practice.

Shubman felt angry as he watched the video. It feltpersonal. How could Aditi do that to Ishan? He was going to talk to her, there was no other way. She could not get away with hurting his best friend like that.

When he finally saw Aditi, she looked...normal. That pissed Shubman off. She didn't deserve to sit around in peace while Ishan was probably off somewhere blaming himself.

“What are you playing at?” Shubman asked bluntly, not bothering to beat around the bush.

Aditi turned to him calmly. “Have you talked to him?”

“I would, if he wasn't fuckingmissing,” Shubman sneered. “What did he do to deserve that, Aditi? Didn't take you for a bitch.”

“It's not my place to say anything,” she muttered, averting her gaze.

“I need answers.” Shubman clenched his jaw, leaning in closer. “Because I have no idea where Ishan is and what he's doing to himself. Do you know how fucked up his head is?”

“Go to hell, Shubman. His head is not fucked up,” Aditi snapped. “Have you ever reallytalkedto him? Asked him what he's so afraid of? You think you know him so well, Shubman. But you don't.”

“Andyoudo?”

“God, Shubman, it's not about youorme! It's about Ishan.” Aditi ran her fingers through her hair exasperatedly. “I care about him–”

“You don't humiliate someone you care about like that,” Shubman scoffed in disbelief. “Tell me, what did he do? Is it because he left you at the club yesterday? Just because you had to go back alone for once? Can you notbreathewithout his attention?”

“You're one to say," she gritted before turning away.

“Yeah, walk away!” Shubman jeered. “Like a fucking coward. You don't deserve him anyway.”

Aditi stopped in her tracks, clenching her fists. “Andyoudo?” she asked, turning back to face him.

“What?” Shubman scowled. “Where do I fit into this equation?”

“You think I’m blind like both of you?”

“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”

Aditi stepped closer, her gaze steady as she looked up at him. “He asked me to do that.”

“What?”

“Whatever happened in the video, he asked me to do it. He wanted people to record him.”

Shubman stared at her, incredulous. “Do you take me for an idiot? Why would he want people to talk about him?”

“So that people don't talk aboutyou!So thatyourcarelessness doesn't getyouin trouble. So thatyoudon't have to hear anything remotely hurtful while he will happily be the jester. All foryou,” Aditi retorted, her voice trembling. “You do know that Ishan’s name was dragged into the messyoumade last night, right?”

Shubman froze. Abhishek, with a concerned look, had shown him the picture someone had managed to sneak of him and that boy. He had already been on edge about it all morning, mad at himself for being so impulsive.

“But it wasn't Ishan with me,” he muttered weakly.

“You think people care?” Aditi snapped. “Do you think Ishan cares? He wasn't even bothered about people calling him names, he just wanted them to stop talking about you–”

"Aditi! Please, stop your man before he kills Rohan."

Aditi glanced over at her friend, her expression turning from confusion to concern. "They're fighting again?"

"More like trying to kill each other, but yes."

Aditi looked at Shubman, who stood there looking like someone had just hit the reset button on his brain. “Didn't you hear? Go stop your man.”

"Uh... What? But he... No... Where..." Shubman blabbered.

"Why are men so useless?" Aditi grunted, then grabbed Shubman's hand, pulling him along.

"Do you know how to throw a punch, Gill?" she asked sharply.

"Y-Yes, ma'am."

"Good. Aim for Rohan's stomach.”

Shubman nodded in a daze. “B-But aren't we going to stop the fight?”

Aditi shot him an unimpressed look. “Without winning? Hell no.”

While fighting Rohan, Ishan came to two realizations about himself: firstly, that his overhand punches were more effective than his uppercuts, and secondly, that he would do anything for Shubman.

He would go to any extent to protect him. He would exhaust himself until his love ran dry, but that would never happen because every cell of Ishan was devoted to Shubman, much like Icarus to the sun.

In every universe, Icarus flew to the sun.

Watching Shubman stand before him with teary eyes, Ishan tried to smile, but he winced immediately as the cut above his lips stung. He dropped the coke can he was using to cool it.

"The fight's over?" Aditi muttered, looking around.

“You should have seen him,” Ishan chuckled. “He’ll be limping for days.”

Aditi hurried to his side, examining his face. She frowned at the swelling near his jaw, which was starting to bruise. “He probably started it, didn't he?”

Ishan nodded, allowing her to straighten his crooked collar. “One of these days, I’m really going to break his mouth for talking shit.”

“What’d he say?” Aditi asked in a concerned voice.

Ishan's eyes trailed up to Shubman, who was still standing, looking like he was about to cry any moment. He smiled,“Idhar aa, meri jaan.”

Shubman's heart sank as he took in Ishan's condition. Ishan's eyes were puffy and bloodshot, his cheeks flushed with exertion. Bruises were forming around his jawline, and the cut above his lips seemed to throb with every attempt at a smile. Why was he smiling? Why was he always smiling?

And why was Shubman always crying? Why did he feel so weak? Why did he always need to be protected? Why did Ishan always have to be the one to get hurt?

Ishan's heart raced as he watched tears streak down Shubman's face. It was probably not the best time to realize but he was sobeautiful. So serene. Just like the moon.His moon.

"I didn't run this time," Ishan whispered, smiling through the pain in his jaw. He glanced at Aditi, who clasped his hand, silently encouraging him. "Shubman–”

“I’m sorry, Ishan,” he mumbled. “Being with me always hurts you.”

Ishan frowned. “What are you talking about?”

Shubman wiped away his tears as he turned to Aditi. She looked as if she knew what he was about to say. He saw desperation climb in her eyes as she opened her mouth, as if to stop him.

For once in his life, Shubman wasn't late.

“I have to leave,” he muttered. “I’ll see you after graduation, Ishan.”

Did you forget, Ishan’s brain spoke.

In every universe, Icarus fell.

♡₊˚ 🦢・₊✧

a/n:bet you thought shubman was going to fall first. never underestimate his blindness, and my ability to play with yall’s emotions.